Terms and conditions (Vietjet)
Article 1. Definition

In the terms of carriage, the following expressions have the following meaning:

“Tariff, List of tariff and tax, fees, charges, taxes, other taxes, surcharges” means the fees and charges as required by Us and the Authorities.

“Route” means a flight from the airport at the place of departure to the airport at the place of destination.

“We / Us / Our / Ourselves” means Vietjet Aviation Joint Stock Company 

“Connecting flight” means a subsequent flight providing onward travel under the same Ticket, other types of Ticket or on a conjunction Ticket

“Convention” means any document listed below, when applied:

The Convention for the Unification of Certain Rules for International Carriage by Air signed on 28 May 1999 (hereinafter referred to as the Montreal Convention);
The Convention for the Unification of Certain Rules Relating to International Carriage by Air signed in Warsaw on 12 October 1929 (hereinafter referred to as the Warsaw Convention);
The Warsaw Convention which was amended in The Hague on 28 September 1955 (hereinafter referred to as the amended Warsaw Convention in The Hague);
Any other applicable protocols, Conventions or legal documents.
“The competent authorities, specialized agencies” include domestic agencies directly managing operations in the aviation sector such as the Civil Aviation Authority of Vietnam and other international agencies such as the International Civil Aviation Organization - ICAO, International Air Transport Association - IATA); other relevant specialized agencies.

“Agent” means a Ticket Agent whom We authorized to represent Us in the sale of air transportation products on our flights and, when authorized, on the flights from other air carriers.

“Stopover” means a scheduled stop on a Passenger’s journey, at a point between the place of departure and the place of destination.

“Force majeure” means unusual and unforeseeable circumstances which neither We nor Passengers could control, and of which the consequences could not have been avoided even if all due care had been exercised.

“Terms of carriage” means the requirements, content related to the carriage which We have notified Passengers, including the information displayed on Tickets and/or on Websites and/or in the approved Conditions of carriage and/or in other forms of the announcement.

“Conditions of Contract” means the terms printed on the paper or electronic Ticket (the Itinerary, Receipt or Confirmation of itinerary), which incorporate these Conditions of carriage and other information for reference.

“Conditions of Carriage” means these Conditions of carriage or those of other Carriers as the case may be, which constitute a part of the contract of Carriage, prescribing the conditions of the carrier in the carriage of Passengers, Baggage, goods, posts, parcels and letters by air.

“Unit” means the currency unit determined by the International Monetary Fund and defined as Special Drawing Rights (SDR). Unit is converted to Vietnamese Dong and/or VND according to the official exchange rate announced by the State Bank of Vietnam at the time of payment.

“Fares” are stipulated in Article 4 of the Conditions of Carriage.

“Other carrier(s)” means any carriers other than Us. These carriers’ codes (the combination of 2 characters or numbers) are printed on the Passenger’s Ticket or Conjunction Ticket.

“Passenger” means any individual, except for members of the operating crew, who are carried or to be carried on an aircraft with Our consent

“Baggage” means the personal properties accompanying Passengers in connection with their journeys. Unless provided otherwise, it consists of both the Checked baggage, Hand baggage and other personal items carrying aboard

“Checked Baggage” means the Baggage delivered to us for transportation in the hold of an aircraft and for which we have issued a Baggage identification tag and taken into our custody.

“Hand Baggage” means any Baggage of Passengers other than Checked baggage, including all items which are brought on board by Passengers, and which are solely in Passengers’ custody during flights.

“Contract of Carriage” means an agreement between the Carrier and the Passenger, in which the Carrier transports the Passenger, Baggage to the destination and the Passenger has to pay for the transportation service. The contract takes the form of Ticket or any equivalent of Ticket.

“Booking code” means the confirmation code of reservation of Passenger on Our booking system.

“Day(s)” means all seven days of the week in accordance with the Gregorian calendar.

“Authority” means the governmental agency, governing body, or any authorized individuals/organizations.

“Relevant service suppliers” means units, organizations/individuals authorized to provide services relating to reservation, selling Tickets, payment, or collection of payment, doing aviation procedures, providing aviation services, aviation ground services etc. for the purpose of passenger transportation.

“Law” means any Law, Decree, Decision, Circular, Regulation and other legal documents issued by any competent Authority (such documents may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time)

“Ticket office” means Our official ticket room.

“Our regulations” means rules, regulations other than the Conditions of Carriage, issued by Us, relating to the carriage of Passengers and Baggage as specified in the terms of this Conditions of Carriage, are published publicly on Our Website, Mobile application

“Baggage identification tag” means a document We issue to Passengers to identify their Checked Baggage.

“Damage” includes the death or wounding to a Passenger, or any bodily injury suffered by a Passenger, caused by an accident on the aircraft or during any of the operations of embarking or disembarking. It also means damage sustained in the event of the destruction or the total or partial loss of or damage to Baggage which occurs during carriage by air. In addition, it means the damage occasioned by delay in the carriage by air of Passenger or Baggage.

“Check-in deadline” means the time limit provided by the Carrier by which Passengers must complete check-in and receive boarding passes.

“Ticket price” includes the fare, taxes, fees, charges, service fees and surcharges (if any).

“Website” means our Website at www.vietjetair.com .

“Hotline” means the customer service Hotline published on Our Website, Mobile application

“Mobile application” means Our VietJetAir.com mobile application.

“Ticket” means the electronic Confirmation of itinerary provided and sent by Us or Our authorized agent to passengers via the email addresses registered in the bookings. Ticket should state Passenger’s name, booking code, flight information and other information related to the journey.

“Confirmation of itinerary” means the document We issue to passengers to confirm their itinerary and bookings.

 

Article 2. Applicability

 

2.1. The Conditions of Carriage apply to all our carriage services printed on the Ticket, unless We provide otherwise in our regulations or other related contracts, certificates and Tickets.

2.2. Governing Law

The governing law for the Conditions of Carriage is Vietnamese law. The application of the Convention or international law shall be prioritized relating to the international carriage.

In the event of inconsistency between any provisions in the Conditions of carriage, or in connection with them by reference, and the provisions in the applicable Convention and in any current law or with any request being irrevocable by any means of agreement between related parties, such provisions will not be applied. The nullification of any provisions does not affect the validity of any other provisions.

2.3. Conditions prevail over regulations: In the event of inconsistency between these Conditions of Carriage and any other regulations we may have, these Conditions shall prevail.

2.4. The language governing the Conditions of Carriage is Vietnamese. In case of conflicts between the translations by other languages, the Vietnamese version shall prevail to determine terms of the Conditions of Carriage.

2.5. To charter flights: If the carriage is performed pursuant to a charter agreement, these Conditions of Carriage apply only to the extent they are incorporated by reference or otherwise, in the Ticket or other agreement(s) with Passengers.

2.6. To codeshare flights: On some flights, We may have arrangements with other Carriers known as “Codeshare flights”. This means that even if you have a reservation with us and hold a Ticket showing our name or Airline Designator code which indicates us as the Carrier, another Carrier may operate the aircraft. If such arrangement applies to a flight, We will advise the Passengers of the name of the other carrier who will be operating the aircraft before the Passengers make reservations

 

Article 3. Tickets

 

3.1. Ticket is a document to transport passengers by air and is the evidence of the Contract of carriage between Passengers and Us.

3.2. Ticket is valid only to Passengers whose names and flights are clearly stated on the Ticket. 

3.3. We will provide carriage only to the Passenger who is named on the Ticket. The Passengers must present appropriate identification documents and their booking codes at check-in.

3.4. Ticket is non-transferable. 

 

Article 4. Fares, Ticket prices, Taxes, Fees, Charges and Surcharges, Service fees

 

4.1. Fares 

Mean the prices applied for the carriage from the airport at the place of departure to the airport at the place of destination. Fares may include routes by Our non-aviation partners in connection with Us by a cooperation agreement. Passengers will be announced other service fees included in the Ticket if any and conditions at the time of Ticket purchasing. We are strictly a point-to-point carrier and hold no responsibility for the Passengers' connecting flights under any circumstances, such as immigration procedures at Transit, collecting Checked baggage and checking in for the next flight.

Fares are published publicly in accordance with Our Regulations on Our Website, Mobile application.

4.2. Taxes, Fees and Charges

Taxes, Fees, Charges are not included in the Fares, stipulated by the Authority or competent authorities, or the airport operating organizations. Passengers bear responsibility to pay such Taxes, Fees and Charges applied at the time Ticket purchasing for Us, who is a representative for the aforementioned authorities. Passengers will be announced Taxes, Fees and Surcharges at the time Ticket purchasing, which are published publicly in accordance with Our Regulations on Our Website, Mobile application.

4.3. Surcharges, Service fees

Surcharges, Service fees are not included in Fares stipulated by Us and published publicly on Our Website, Mobile application or other Carriers, depends on their  policy. Passengers will be announced Surcharges, Service fees at the time Ticket purchasing.

4.4. Ticket price

Ticket price means the whole price Passengers have to pay, includes Fares, Taxes, Fees, Charges, Surcharges, Service fees.

4.5. Payment currency

Ticket price payable in the currency stipulated in the system as announced by us, unless stated otherwise by the law or by the authorities.

 

Article 5. Stopover

 

5.1. Stopovers may be permitted at Agreed Stopping Places subject to relevant Authorities’ requirements and our Regulations.

5.2. Stopovers must be arranged with Carrier(s) in advance and specified on the Ticket.

 

Article 6. Reservations

 

6.1. Reservations

Are made on Our Website or Mobile application or through Our authorized Agents or Our Hotline or Our Ticket office.

6.2. Confirmation of reservations

Is made after the Passenger completes the payment on the system. Passengers will receive Tickets that show the booking codes of the reservations.

6.3. Each class of Ticket includes conditions. Passengers are required to check condition details of their Ticket class, which are published publicly on Our Website, Mobile application. We shall not bear responsibility for Passengers’ mistakes.

6.4. Changes to reservations depends on Ticket class, are prescribed as follows: 

In the event that Ticket contains conditions that allowed changes to the reservation, We will proceed with the changes to the reservation, to which the Passengers request and agree with the equivalent or higher Ticket price other than the original purchase, and they pay all fees related to changes of the reservations and Fare difference (if any) due to the changes to the reservation in accordance with specific conditions of Ticket class published publicly on Our Website, Mobile application.
We will proceed with information update into Ticket of the Passengers after they complete the payment stipulated in Article 6.4 (a).
6.5. Ticket must be fully paid before We confirm the reservation. We reserve the right to cancel the reservation and refuse the carriage if the Ticket is not fully paid or the payment is invalid in any circumstances.

6.6. Service fees for children aged from fourteen (14) days to two (2) years old at the time of the Departure are published in the tariff on Our Website, Mobile application or on Our Booking system. Children must sit in the laps of their accompanied adult passengers. One adult passenger may only accompany one child. No prams nor pushchairs are allowed on board.

6.7. Personal data

Passengers agree that their personal information is provided to Us for the purpose of making the reservation, purchasing Ticket, buying related services, developing or providing services, assisting the migration procedures, and submitting to the authorities, in connection with their journeys. For all these purposes, Passengers authorize Us to retain and use such information and to transmit it to our own offices, our authorized agents, the competent authorities, or other relevant service providers.

Upon the Passengers' requests or as agreed by the Passengers, We may use personal information that the Passengers provide to Us and that We collect, including information about how Passengers complete the payment process or how they use our services and facilities, for the purposes of:

Making the reservation, completing payment and purchasing Tickets, notifying changes of journeys, providing carriage and any related services and facilities;
Accounting, billing and auditing, verifying credit cards or other payment cards;
Migration and customs control;
Safety, security, administrative and legal purposes;
Statistical and market analysis, managing frequent flyer programs;
System testing, maintenance and development;
Customer services;
Direct marketing and market research.
When providing such information to the third parties for the above-mentioned purposes, We commit to and are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of customer information by the third parties as required by law.

6.8. Advance seat reservations

Passengers may book a seat reservation in advance and may require to pay fees for seat reservations in accordance with conditions of Ticket class. The seat reservation fees are published publicly in Tariff on Our Website, Mobile application. We will endeavor to secure the seats chosen by the Passengers. However, owing to safety or security reasons, We reserve the right to reassign Passengers' seats at any time, even when Passengers have boarded on the flights. In the event that a flight is changed, canceled or delayed, We may arrange suitable seats for Passengers.

6.9. Seats 

Passengers are arranged for seats at check-in. However, We reserve the right to change the Passengers’ seats at any time, even when the Passengers have boarded on the flights. Such rearrangement may be compulsory for safety, regulations of the Authority, Passengers’ health or security reasons.

6.10. On-board services

During flights, products and services including souvenirs, duty-free items, meals, etc. are not refundable or transferrable after their purchases. Passengers must present their boarding passes to crews to receive the services they have purchased.

6.11. Services for special Passengers:

Special Passengers: children, the disabled, the elderly, pregnant women in accordance with the law; Passengers with illness or incapacitated Passengers with mobility difficulties.
The request of service for special Passengers must be made at the time of booking or inform our Agents or Hotline at least 24 (twenty-four) hours before the scheduled departure time. We will endeavor to provide services for special Passengers at their requests and in accordance with our capabilities. We will notify the Passengers if We cannot provide such services as requested. The requests of services for special Passengers will be confirmed immediately or after We consult the Conditions of carriage. Passengers have to fulfill the procedures as required by the accepted conditions of carriage specified at the policy of services for special Passengers, published publicly on Our Website, Mobile application. 
We hold no liability for any loss, charge, violation of the contracts, or any other damages if We are unable to provide services as requested in advance by the Passengers without Our confirmation on our ability to provide such services when the Passengers make their reservations. For Passengers who raise their special requests at the airport, We shall check conditions and notify Passengers whether or not they can be accepted for carriage.
Freights and fees for transport of tool aids serving Passengers who are children, the disabled, the elderly, the pregnant women shall be exempted.
For safety reasons, We only carry a maximum of 08 (eight) Passengers with reduced mobility on the same flights, in which a maximum of 02 (two) Passengers with limited ability to go up and down the staircase of the aircraft. We do not provide mobility devices in the cabin, but We have procedures to assist reduced-mobility Passengers in the cabin.
We may require Passengers to have accompanist, who must be at the age of 18 or older, for safety reasons or if Passengers cannot make an emergency escape by themselves or Passengers are not able to understand the safety instructions on the flight.
Passengers may be charged a fee with regards to some services for special Passengers.
Article 7. Check-in

 

7.1 Passengers must be present at the check-in counter within the times specified to ensure the completion of all essential procedures before the departure of the aircraft.

 

(i) OPENING TIME OF CHECK-IN COUNTER:

Vietnam domestic flights: 2 (two) hours before the scheduled departure time
International flights departing from Vietnam: 03 (three) hours before the scheduled departure time
International flights departing outside Vietnam: from 02 (two) to 03 (three) hours before the scheduled departure time
Flights depart from Sydney (SYD), Melbourne (MEL), Brisbane (BNE), airport check-in counters open 04 hours prior to departure.
(ii) CLOSING TIME OF CHECK-IN COUNTER: 

Vietnam domestic flights: 40 minutes before the scheduled departure time.
International flights departing from Vietnam and other countries (except Japan, Korea, India, Australia): 50 minutes before the scheduled departure time.
International flights departing from Japan, Korea, India, Australia: 60 minutes before the scheduled departure time.
 

Check-in procedures may vary in accordance with the Law, between airports and specific flights and shall be published publicly on Our Website, Mobile application or informed to Passengers when booking Tickets. 

 

 

7.2. Refusal of performing check-in

We reserve the right to refuse to perform check-in for Passengers and hold no liability in the following events wherein:

Passengers present at the check-in counter after the check-in deadlines stipulated in this Article.
Passengers do not hold any form of valid identification as required by the Authorities or fail to provide any proof of identity to Our staff;
Passengers do not hold sufficient travel documents, necessary permits or visas to enter certain countries and territories as required by the Authorities;
Passengers present invalid Ticket, fail to fulfill the payment or the payment is invalid;
Passengers commit any act of violence towards Our staff, or cause public disorder at check-in counters, or insult Our staff physically and verbally;
Passengers have been banned by the other governments or authorities from traveling or checking-in or boarding on any certain flights;
Passengers are unfit for travel owing to, in our judgment, drunkenness or obvious mental or physical illness;
In our judgment, Passengers are unfit for travel owing to their health conditions or their health is in danger or may pose a risk to other Passengers.
Passengers fail to comply with regulations of the Law, the Authorities and Our Regulations.
7.3. Self-check-in 

We may provide a self-check-in service depending on the actual situation. The detailed conditions and guidance for this service are published publicly on Our Website, Mobile application and subject to change from time to time without advance notice. For international flights, Passengers who use self-check-in service are required to be present at the counter within the times specified and present to us all identification documents as required.

7.4. In the event that the seats are not available for Passengers, even when the seat confirmation was provided to Passengers, Passengers may choose from the following options:

We carry Passengers on the next possible flights in our schedule without any additional fee.
Choose another departure time (except for public holidays and Tet holiday), Passengers’ Fares are freeze in our system for them to use on their next flight, provided that they choose another departure time within 180 days of the selection of this option.
We refund the Ticket price to Passengers if they don't agree with any options of the above 
7.5. Boarding

Passengers must arrive at boarding gates at least 30 (thirty) minutes prior to the scheduled departure times. We close the boarding gates 15 (fifteen) minutes prior to the scheduled departure times. We reserve the right to refuse the carriage if Passengers fail to arrive at the boarding gates at the closing time.

7.6. Absence 

If passengers fail to complete check-in procedures, or board on flights on time prior to departures (“No showing on the flight”), Passengers shall be considered absence and subjected to Article 11.6.

7.7. We hold no liability under any circumstances if (i) Passengers do not hold required documents such as passports, visas, health certificates and other documents, or (ii) their passports, visas, health certificates and other documents are expired or invalid, or (iii) they do not conform to the law, regulations, decrees, requirements, rules and guidance.

7.8. Personal identification document

Prior to departures, Passengers must present to us all travel documents as prescribed by the law, regulations, decrees, requirements or conditions of the related countries, including passports, visas, migration certificates and other documents. We only operate direct routes. Passengers who have connecting Flight with Us or other airlines are required to have sufficient immigration documents and to collect Checked baggage at Transit in their itineraries. At the request of the competent authority, Passengers must allow Us to make a copy of their passports or other equivalent identification documents, or the competent authority may hold other documents to fulfill the government's requirements or decrees. We reserve the right to refuse carriage if Passengers do not comply with these requirements or their identification documents appear invalid.

7.9. Refusal of entry

Passengers must pay Us Ticket prices and/or any applicable fines whenever We are ordered by any Government or migration agencies to return Passengers to the places of departure or any other, because Passengers are banned from entry to any country or territory, whether it's the place of destination or transit. In such a case, We shall not refund the payment to Passengers. In some cases when We have a legal basis to believe that Passengers would be refused entry or transit, We shall request Passengers to pay a deposit at the departure airport. The deposit shall be used to pay arising fees because Passengers are refused entry or transit as Ticket fee for the return trip, cost of penalty from the Authorities and other related costs. We shall refund the deposit if the territory or country of destination or transit accepts and allows Passengers to enter or transit. We will refund the deposit to the Passenger within 15 working days from the date on which the passenger is accepted to enter or transit the country or territory the Passenger is flying to or through

7.10. Fines and detentions costs

If, according to the decisions by competent authorities, We are required to pay or place any deposit for any fine or cost arising out of Passengers' failure to comply with the law, regulations, orders, demands or requests at the place of departure, transit or destination, or out of Passengers’ inability to present all required documents, Passengers must repay Us the total amount We have paid or shall pay as a result. We may offset this amount from the value of any unused part of Passengers’ tickets or from any the value of any payment which We have to render to Passengers after We notify within 07 (seven) days in advance to Passengers, together with documents proving Passenger's liability.

7.11. Security screening 

Passengers must comply with all measures of security screening or health check as required by the Authorities, airport staff or Us.

 

Article 8. Denied boarding or limitation on carriage

 

8.1 Denied boarding 

We reserve the right to refuse to carry any Passenger or the Passenger’s Baggage (even if the Passenger holds valid tickets or boarding passes) if We consider that:

Such refusal is necessary for safety and security reasons;
Such refusal is necessary to comply with the law, regulations or orders of any countries, whether it is the place of departure, transit, passing or destination;
c. Passengers’ behaviors, ages or mental states or Baggage conditions may:
Cause fear or damage to other Passengers or crews; 
Present a hazard or risk to themselves, other people, or properties; or
Require special assistance without Our confirmation on provide ability.
Passengers have committed misconduct on previous flight(s) and such misconduct is likely to repeat;
Passengers do not comply, or their behaviors show the possibilities of not complying with our guidelines;
Passengers refuse to or do not comply fully with the security screening;
We have sufficient proof proving that Passengers have been refused entry to the country of destination; 
Passengers present invalid Ticket may include one of these following cases:
The Passengers' itinerary confirmations or electronic Tickets are counterfeit or acquired unlawfully;
The itinerary confirmations have been modified or altered without our approval or our authorized Agents' approval (in such cases, We reserve the right to retrieve those documents);
Passengers fail to complete Ticket price payment or the payment is invalid. 
Passengers do not hold valid identification documents or fail to provide any proof of identity to Our staff;
We are required by the competent authorities; and/or;
If Passengers refuse to pay the deposit as requested by us at the departure airport as mentioned in Article 7.8.
8.2. Limitation of carriage

8.2.1 Children

Children under 12 (twelve) years old at the time of the Departure are not carried unless they are accompanied by passengers who are 18 (eighteen) years old or older.
For domestic flights, children from 12 (twelve) to under 14 (fourteen) years of age who are not accompanied by passengers 18 (eighteen) years old or older are required to register services for unaccompanied minors with Our authorized Agents or Hotline at least 24 (twenty-four) hours before the scheduled departure times.
We reserve the right to refuse carriage of infants less than 14 (fourteen) days old. We may consider the carriage of such infants upon written confirmation of the doctors about the ability to depart the infants and liability waiver signed by their parents or legal guardians.
8.2.2 Pregnant Passengers 

Passengers who are pregnant must notify Us of their pregnancy when they purchase Tickets and at check-in counters. The carriage of pregnant Passengers depends on the following conditions:

For women who are up to 27 (twenty-seven) weeks pregnant, We reserve the right to request Passengers to provide a medical certificate confirming the number of weeks pregnant and to sign the declaration of indemnity forms.
Women who are over 27 (twenty- seven) to 32 (thirty-two) weeks pregnant must:
Present the confirmations from doctors confirming the number of weeks pregnant, Passengers are healthy enough to fly; the Confirmations must be issued within 07 (seven) days before the scheduled departures; and
Sign consent forms at check-in to release us from any liability arising thereafter.
Women who are more than 32 (thirty-two) weeks pregnant, We refuse to carry.
Article 9. Baggage

 

9.1. We reserve the right to refuse to carry the following Baggage or items in Baggage:

Items which are not properly packed (as specified in Clause 9.7 and 9.8), in suitcases or in other appropriate containers to ensure their safe carriage in normal Conditions of carriage;
Items which are likely to endanger the aircraft, or persons or properties on board, such as those specified in Dangerous Goods Regulations of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), the International Air Transport Association (IATA), the Conditions of carriage, Our Regulations, and the Law;
Items which are prohibited by the applicable law, regulations or orders of any countries, whether it is the place of departure, transit, passing or destination;
Items which are, in our judgment, unsuitable for carriage by reasons of their weight, shape, size or character;
Items which are fragile or perishable;
Animals which are dead or alive;
Corpses, bones of a dead person;
Remains: in certain cases, remains may be carried as Checked or Hand Baggage, provided that they are properly packed according to the carriage specifications: Inappropriate crematory urns and put in boxes, sealed in sturdy and air-tight containers; and accompanied with certificates of death and medical quarantine;
Foods that emit an unpleasant odour (durian, jackfruit, fish sauce and other types of fermented foods, etc.);
Fresh or frozen seafood and meat can be carried as Checked or Hand Baggage if it is packed in accordance with packing specifications, in foam boxes or insulated boxes and their contents have been inspected by the authorities. If Passengers refuse to submit them to inspection, We reserve the right to refuse their carriage;
Bullets; detonators, safety fuses, mines, grenades, other military explosive devices; all types of flares such as flares, fireworks, signaling flares and flare powder; smoke grenades, smoke generators; all types of explosives, gun powders, gasoline, oil and fuel for lighters, unsafe matches (strike-anywhere matches), objects containing liquid oxygen, flammable or non-flammable gases (such as aerosols, butane)), coolants (such as diving cylinders, liquid nitrogen), flammable liquid (such as paints, thinners, solvents); flammable solids (such as matches, lighters); organic compounds of oxygen (such as latex), poisonous and infectious substance (such as virus, bacteria); radioactive substances (such as Radium); corrosive agents (such as acids, bases, mercury, thermometer); magnetic substances; oxidizing agents (such as bleaches);
Weapons or tools designed to cause harm or pose a threat to human lives, or items mistaken as weapons (pistols, rifles, sub-machine guns, shotguns, hunting rifles and other guns with similar functions and uses; Gun components; Guns utilizing compressed air in the form of pistols, rifles and guns firing pellets, paintballs, plastic bullets; flare guns and signal pistols; improvised firearms, spearguns; slingshots; laser guns or devices projecting laser beam (except for laser presenters used in teaching or presentation); bows, arrows, crossbows; supporting tools;
Guns, bullets, supporting tools are only allowed to be brought alongside or Hand Baggage of the officers, guardians, who perform security duty to protect the guarded subject in accordance with the guard law; handcuff is allowed to be brought on board in case the person bringing the handcuff performs escort duties;
Weapons and support tools are provided to the aerial security patrols according to the regulations.
9.2. Items banned from carrying along or in Hand baggage

Items referred to in Article 9.1;
All types of daggers, swords, spears, pikes, bayonets, halberds, scimitars, knuckles; Items and toys identical to real weapons, namely guns, bombs, mines, grenades, bullets, torpedoes, naval mines, cartridges and items made from cartridges;
Tools/equipment designed to stun/knock out or immobilize a subject: Electroshock devices such as stun pistols and stun batons; Tools/equipment used to stun/knock out or slay animals; Chemical or gas canisters used to neutralize or paralyze namely pepper-spray, acid-spray, tear gas and pesticide (except for canister used as antiseptics on aircraft);
Sharp or pointy objects that can be used to cause serious injuries: Objects designed to mince, chop or cut such as axes or cleavers; razors or box cutters; knives whose blades (handle excluded) exceed 06 cm or total length including handles and blades thereof exceeds 10 cm; scissors whose blades determined from pivot points thereof exceed 06 cm or total length including handles and blades thereof exceeds 10 cm; other sharp or pointy objects that can be used as offensive weapons longer than 10 cm; camera stands, staffs or umbrella handles with pointy metal tips;
Labor tools that can be used to cause serious injuries or pose a threat to aircraft safety: crowbars, hoes, spades, shovels, tile spades, sickles, chisels, pickaxes; drills and drill bits, including handheld drills; tools whose sharp blades or pointy ends exceed 06 cm and can be used as weapons such as screwdrivers; all types of hammers, wrenches, adjustable wrenches and pliers that are longer than 10 cm; all types of saws and saw blades including handsaws; blowtorches; devices driving nails or screws;
Blunt objects or tools that can cause serious injuries if used offensively: sports clubs such as baseball bats, golf clubs, hockey sticks, billiard cue sticks, ski poles; all types of clubs such as rubber clubs, metal clubs and wooden clubs; tools or equipment used for martial training (blunt, pointy ends or sharp edges).
9.3. Items banned in Checked Baggage

Items referred to in Article 9.1;
Other precious and/or valuable items such as pieces of arts, video recorders, cameras, money, jewelry, precious metals, precious stones, computers, electronic devices, documents that can be exchanged for money, securities certificates, negotiating documents, contracts, business documents, samples, forms of identification documents, etc.
9.4. Items restricted from carrying along or in Hand baggage

In accordance with the applicable Law.

9.5. Right to refuse carriage

We reserve the right to refuse to carry Baggage including items set forth in this Article and may refuse to carry further Baggage if we discover such items in Baggage.
We hold no liability for any damages that occurred to the Passengers and the Passengers’ Baggage in the event that Passengers do not comply with Our Regulations.
9.6. Right of inspection

For safety and security reasons, We reserve the right to ask Passengers to authorize us to perform security screening on themselves and their Baggage. If Passengers are absent upon request, We shall proceed to inspect their Baggage for the purpose of confirming if Passengers carry or if their Baggage includes items specified in Clause 9.1. If Passengers refuse the inspection, We reserve the right to refuse the carriage of such Passengers and their Baggage. If Passengers are absent upon request, we shall proceed to inspect their Baggage for the purpose of confirming whether Passengers comply with Our Regulations.

In the event of any damage to Passengers or their Baggage arising out of the security screening, such as the use of scanning devices, We hold no liability for such damage or loss unless it is owing to our fault.

9.7. Checked Baggage

When Baggage is checked and delivered to us, We will take custody of them and issue a Baggage identification tag to each package of the Checked Baggage.

Passengers' names or personal identification must be affixed on their Checked Baggage.
Checked Baggage is carried on the same aircraft as Passengers. However, if We reasonably consider that such practice may not be possible for safety or security reasons, We will carry such Baggage on another flight. In that case, the Checked Baggage shall be carried and delivered to Passengers, unless Passengers have to complete customs clearance as prescribed by applicable Law.
We charge Passengers for the carriage of their Checked Baggage. Passengers may purchase Checked Baggage allowances provided in our current policy as published publicly on Our Website and Mobile application. Passengers whose Checked Baggage exceed the purchased Baggage allowances will be charged for each kilogram of Baggage in excess at check-in counters. Passengers can refer to our Tariff for more information on the rates. The baggage charge is not refundable nor transferrable.
Any package of Checked Baggage must not exceed 32 (thirty-two) kilograms in weight. The excess weight must be separated and packed into a smaller package(s) upon check-in. We refuse to carry any Baggage which is not properly packed. Under any circumstances, We hold no liability (i) for any damage due to the failure of Passengers to comply with the requirements of Baggage weigh or of separation and re-packing, or (ii) for the refusal to carry excess weighing Baggage.
Sports equipment can be carried in the aircraft hold after the charges specified in Our Tariff are paid and Passengers accept the potential risks. As a result, passengers are advised to buy any necessary insurance for such equipment.
9.8. Hand Baggage

Passengers are allowed to carry Hand Baggage in accordance with Our Regulations on weight depending on the conditions of Ticket class which is published publicly on Our Website and Mobile Application.
The main Hand Baggage must not exceed 56cm x 36cm x 23cm in dimensions, and the small item can only include things such as women's bags, laptops, books, magazines, cameras, children's food containers, duty-free goods, etc. Hand Baggage must fit the space under seats or in on-board Baggage compartments. 
Baggage which We consider exceeding the weight and dimensions specified in our regulations will not be carried on board. 
Musical instruments which exceed the dimension limit for Hand Baggage but weigh under 75 kilograms can be carried on board if Passengers have purchased extra seats and paid applicable charges for them.
Children under 02 (two) years of age are not eligible for Hand Baggage allowance.
If Passengers' Hand Baggage does not conform to our regulations or other aviation security and safety regulations, they can be refused carriage. If they are allowed for carriage, they must be carried as Checked Baggage, and Passengers will be charged as Checked Baggage when checking in. 
Passengers secure their Hand Baggage and belongings on their own during the flight. We hold no liability for any damage related to Hand Baggage, unless such damage is caused by Us. We will assist Passengers in tracking down Hand Baggage and lost belongings. However, We hold no liability for any damage to Hand Baggage and lost belongings arising from the tracking process. Passengers are required to provide the following information for Us to assist in tracking lost Hand Baggage: 
Name of Passenger;
Number of flight and route;
Number of seat;
Description of lost Baggage;
The address of the Passenger.
Lost Baggage found will be notified to the Passenger to collect. We hold no liability to deliver Baggage to Passengers. Lost baggage not found will also be notified by Us to Passengers. 

9.9. Collecting Baggage

Passengers must collect their Baggage as soon as they are available at the places of destination: 
If Passengers collect their Checked Baggage within 30 (thirty) days, We may impose a storage fee on Passengers;
If Passengers do not collect their Baggage within 30 (thirty) days from the date We make it available, We may dispose of it without any liability to the Passengers; perishable items may be disposed of before such deadline;
The amount received from such disposal shall be returned to the authorized person after deducting the relevant costs related to transportation, storage and disposal of baggage; 
If the authorized receivers do not claim for the receivable amount within 180 (one hundred and eighty) Days since the disposal of the Baggage, such amount shall be submitted to the State budget. 
Only the holder of the Baggage identification tag can claim the Baggage collection. If a person claiming the collection of Baggage cannot present the Baggage identification tag, that person must provide proof of ownership over such Baggage. When the holder of the Baggage identification tag accepts the Baggage at the collection point in the airport without any complaints at the time of delivery, it will be obvious evidence that the Baggage is delivered in full and in accordance with the Contract of carriage. 
Article 10. Schedules and changes in flight schedules

 

10.1. Schedules 

Schedules can be subjected to change between the date of publication and the actual date when Passengers travel. 

10.2. Changes in schedules, cancellation of flights 

We will take all necessary measures to avoid delay in carrying you and your Baggage. In the exercise of these measures and in order to prevent a flight cancellation, in exceptional circumstances, we may arrange for a flight to be operated on our behalf by an alternative carrier and/or aircraft.

If the flight is delayed or canceled, or if you are refused carriage, at your option, we will:

Provide and update you with sufficient information in an appropriate manner; serve meals; offer accommodation in accordance with the regulations on the quality of passenger services at airports as issued by Authorities;
Make appropriate adjustments to your itinerary or re-route you to another flight: if your flight is delayed for 02 hours or longer, within our carriage services, we will change your itinerary to get you to your final destination, waiving any restrictions in regard to itinerary or flight changes and related surcharges (if any) for you;
Provide you with non-refundable fixed compensation in accordance with regulations by Authorities (if any);
Offer you a refund if your flight is delayed for 05 hours or longer. Refunds shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Article 11 in these Conditions of Carriage.
Fulfill other obligations imposed by Authorities (if any).
If delays and cancellations are not due to our negligence, we shall be under no immediate obligation to comply with this Articles. However, we shall make reasonable efforts to assist you as to the best we can.

 

10.3.  Immunity from responsibility in the event of denied boarding, flight cancellation or long delays of flights under the regulations

10.3.1. Immunity from responsibility to pay compensation in the event of denied boarding

We are exempt from the obligation to pay compensation in the invent of denied boarding regarding any passenger having a ticket and receiving the confirmed reservation or being on the journey, in particular:

The health problem of the passenger may cause damage to such passenger, other passengers or the flight;
The passenger is denied boarding to prevent epidemic diseases;
The passenger fails to conform to regulations on aviation safety, aviation security, aviation transport, or penalties for administrative violations against civil aviation;
The passenger violates public order, endangers flight safety or creates negative effects on lives, health and assets of other people;
The passenger under the influence of alcohol or other drugs loses control of his/her behaviors;
The passenger is denied boarding due to security reasons notified by a competent agency;
The passenger is denied boarding at the request of a competent agency.
10.3.2. Immunity from responsibility to pay compensation in the event of flight cancellation or long delays of flights

We are exempt from the obligation to pay compensation in the event of flight cancellation or long delays of flights for one of the following reasons:

Weather condition causes negative effects on flight safety;
Security risks cause negative effects on flight safety;
The flight is canceled or long-delayed according to the decision of a competent agency;
The flight is not operated due to health problems of passengers (they suffer serious illnesses or die after boarding);
Scheduled airplanes are sabotaged or fleets of airplanes are sabotaged;
The flight is not operated due to armed conflicts, political instability or strikes;
Aviation infrastructure or flight operational assurance fails to ensure the flight operation;
Technical problems occur during the operation of the airplane, from the time the captain signs the record on receipt of aircraft ready for flight operation until the end of the flight;
Each passenger is offered re-routing to the same destination in another flight and results in the passenger arriving no more than 4 hours later than the scheduled arrival time of the flight on which the confirmed reservation is received;
Each passenger is offered re-routing to the same destination in another flight and results in the passenger arriving no more than 6 hours later than the scheduled arrival time of the connecting flight if the destination is a connecting point in the journey of the passenger;
Other force majeure events occur following the Law.
10.3.3. Immunity from responsibility for other cases

We are exempt from the obligation to pay compensation if We may prove the fact of one of the following cases:

Passengers are not present to check-in at the airport or in other places as agreed with Us;
Passengers voluntarily refuses seat confirmation;
Passenger who is traveling with a free ticket, industry discount ticket or agent discount ticket or the passenger who is a partner using a discount ticket; 
We prove one of the followings cases:
Has provided the Passenger with notice of flight cancellation or long delay of flight in speech or by messages or emails no less than 24 (twenty-four) hours prior to the scheduled departure time under addresses provided to Us by Passenger; in the event of the telephone call, the telephone calls have been made 02 turns from 7 a.m to 10 p.m if the first call is not connected, the period between the first call and the second call is at least 20 minutes;
The Passenger does not register contact information as prescribed or the registered information is not correct, insufficient;
We cannot contact to the Passenger according to the registered information.
Article 11. Refund

 

11.1. Voluntary refunds

Depending on the type of Ticket purchased by the Passenger, the Ticket may be refunded or not. However, in some specific cases, for force majeure reasons or as required by law, We may consider allowing a Travel credit refund of the Fare and may charge a fee following the published Policy. publicly on Our Website and Mobile Application.

11.2. Involuntary refunds 

If a Passenger is denied carriage (due to Our fault), canceled or delayed following our Policy and the provisions of the Law, the Passenger may be entitled to a refund of the Ticket following the policy of the Passenger. We (from time to time) comply with the provisions of the Law in the following form: Preserve the value of the Passenger's Fare for future use, provided that the Passenger must use the reservation value within 180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the date of making the reservation.

11.3. Refund beneficiaries 

We will only make refunds to the person whose name is shown on the Ticket or who paid for the Ticket upon the presentation of satisfactory evidence or to an authorized person with an authorization letter from one of the two persons mentioned above.

11.4. Refund currency and method of refund 

In the event of a Ticket price refund, unless otherwise regulations or applicable conditions, We will only refund through the form of payment that the Passenger used to pay for the original Ticket. Normally, We will refund in the currency paid by the Passenger when the passenger purchases the Ticket. In some cases, it will be converted at Our discretion. 

11.5. Refund payer 

The refund is made by the Our staffs, Agents in performing transactions related to the procedures of refunding Tickets for Passenger. 

11.6. The right to refuse to refund

We may refuse a refund if the refund request is made in contravention of our timing regulations published publicly on Our Website, Mobile Application (depends on time and Ticket class).
We may refuse to refund if Passengers are denied boarding due to the failure to comply with measures to ensure flight security and safety, or failure to meet the requirements of identification specified by the Authorities of the host country.
If Passengers are absent / voluntarily refuse their seats as prescribed in Article 7.5, the Ticket price paid by the Passengers will not be refunded for any reason (except for the Ticket class supported in accordance with Our Regulations published publicly on Our Website and Mobile Application). Airport taxes and fees are only refundable when: 
Refund request is made in writing; 
Within 07 (seven) days from the date of the performed flight. Airport taxes, fees refund shall be charged with No-show fee. No-show fee is published publicly on Our Website, Mobile Application or announced at branches, Agents or Hotline and confirmed by Us at the incurred time.
Passengers fail to meet the requirements following the law of the host country (if any) to use Our services.
Article 12.  Behavior on aircraft

 

12.1. While being on board, if Passengers commit any of the following actions: (i) criminal offence; (ii) threaten aviation safety and security; (iii) threaten or abuse members of the crew or other Passengers; (iv) fail to comply with the safety, order and discipline instructions of the captain or of a member of the crew delivering on behalf of the captain; (v) damage on-board equipment and properties; (vi) use drugs; (vii) smoke, even electronic cigarette on aircraft; (viii) other conducts which contrast to the fine traditions and customs, and public orders, We shall proceed with necessary security measures to intercept such acts. We may ask such Passengers to leave the aircraft, or deliver them to the Authorities at the places of departure or arrival, refuse to carry such Passengers temporarily or permanently on the flights we operate, or prosecute them according to the applicable law.

12.2. If Passengers commit any acts specified in Article 12.1, We reserve the rights to request such Passengers to pay for any damages arising out of their conducts, including costs related to an emergency landing, damages to human and properties, and other damages occurred to us, our authorized agents, our staff, our service providers, our passengers and the third parties.

12.3. For safety reasons, We may prohibit or limit the use of electronic devices, radio transmitters or receivers on board, including but not limited to mobile phones, laptops, portable recorders, portable radios, music players, tablets, gaming devices or other transmitting devices such as radio-controlled toys and walkie-talkies and other electronic devices following the law. 

Hearing aids and pacemakers are allowed on board.

12.4. Passengers are not allowed to bring foods for on-board consumption, except in special cases under our approval. Small kids' foods are allowed to carry on board for kids' use only.

 

Article 13. Limits of liability

 

13.1. Limits of carriage liability

Our liability for the proved damages to Passengers, including death or wounding or bodily injury arising out of or in connection with the carriage on flight(s) operated by us, are governed by the rules and limitations stipulated in the Convention and the Law.

Our liability for the death, wounding and other bodily injuries of Passengers is applied following Conventions and the Law.
We are only liable for damages sustained by Passengers during the carriage by aircraft, unless such damages are completely attributable to the physical conditions of Passengers. If damages to Passengers are self-inflicted, We are excluded or limited from the responsibility for compensation.
For international carriage on flights operated by Us, Our liability limitation for the death, wounding and other bodily injuries of Passengers is is applied following Conventions and the Law.
No provision in these Conditions of carriage is perceived as disadvantageous to the rights and responsibilities of the Carriers regarding any complaints made by one person or the representative of this person when this person causes intentionally any death, wounding or bodily injury to other Passengers.
e. Our liability for damage caused by delay is following the Conventions and the Law.
13.2. Our liability for Damage to Checked Baggage 

Damages caused by any flaw in terms of character, quality or fault of the Checked Baggage. Comparatively, We are not liable for any reasonable wear and tear of Baggage caused by normal movements and knocks during carriage by air.
We indemnify Passengers for damage base on the general principle of compensation for actual damage but not exceeding our limit of liability. Passengers are responsible for proving actual damage to their Baggage. General regulations on compensation for lost Baggage and Baggage are published publicly on Our Website and Mobile Application.
The limit of liability for damages resulting from loss, shortage or damage to Baggage is in accordance with the Convention and applicable Law.
13.3. Our liability for Damages to Passengers caused by flight delay

For delay to baggage that Passengers who are not permanent residents at the places of destination and are unable to collect Checked Baggage within 24 hours of their arrival at the places of destination, the goodwill compensation, as stipulated by the regulations is published publicly on Our Website and Mobile application and the limitation of delay is following the Convention and the Law.

13.4. Exemption or reduction of liability for damages 

Our liability for Damage shall be exempted part or whole if the negligence is caused by Passengers or contributed to by Passengers.
We are not liable for damage to Checked or Hand Baggage, if We can prove that (i) We and Our representatives have performed all necessary measures to avoid such damage or (ii) We or Our representatives cannot perform such measures.
If We act or do not act but aware that damage is possible, Our liability in the event of Damage to Baggage will be limited to the level specified in the Fee Schedule published publicly on Our Website, Mobile Application. 
If the weight of Checked Baggage is not presented on the identification tag, Our liability shall not exceed the free allowance applicable to the relevant carriage class.
If the Checked Baggage is declared a higher value in writing, Our liability will be limited to the higher declared value.
We are not liable for Damage to Passengers Baggage arising from our compliance with the law and regulations of the Government or to Passengers' failure to comply with such law and regulations.
Unless otherwise stated in the Conditions of carriage, We are only liable for Damage which can be proven and compensated, for loss which can be proven and costs provided by the applicable law.
We are not liable for any damage to Baggage which is caused by Passengers. Passengers are liable for damage which is caused by their Baggage to other Passengers and properties, including Our properties.
We are not liable for any Damage to items which, either as Checked or Hand Baggage, as advised.
In case that We prove that the death and health of Passengers occurred by Passenger'faults, We have released a part or whole responsibility from compensation for Damages equivalent to fault levels of Passengers. We hold no liability for compensation for damages to the Passengers' health, lives if such damages are caused by their sickness.
The contracts of carriage include these Conditions of carriage, and the exclusions or limits of liability apply to our Authorized agents, staff, laborers and representatives in the same way as they apply to us. The total amount of compensation that Passengers can recover from Us, our authorized Agents, staff, workers and representatives will not exceed the total amount of our liability, if any.
No provision in these Conditions of carriage or the contracts of carriage gives up any exclusion or limit of liability to which We are entitled to under any Conventions or applicable law, unless We say otherwise.
 

Article 14. Limits for complaints and claims

 

14.1. Passengers or their legal representatives have the right to complain or initiate lawsuits against Us regarding damage to Baggage.

14.2 Notice of Complaint

Any claim for damage to Checked Baggage will only be accepted when the authorized person stated in Article 14.1 sends a written claim to us within the following period:

07 (seven) days from the date of receipt of Checked Baggage in case of loss, shortage or damage to Checked Baggage.
21 (twenty-one) days from the date the authorized person has received the Checked Baggage in the case of delay.
14.3. Time limits for claims

The statute of limitations for lawsuits on Our liability for damages to Passengers, Baggage is 02 (two) years from the date the aircraft arrives at the destination, the date the aircraft must arrive at the destination or from the date on which the carriage is terminated, whichever is latest. 

 

Article 15. Validity and Amendment

 

15.1. None of Our staff or authorized agents may amend, alter or remove any provision(s) in the Conditions of carriage or in Our regulations.

15.2. The provisions in these Conditions of carriage are subject to change from time to time in accordance with our business regulations or changes from competent authorities or regulations in the circular, decree of the Authorities. Such changes will be published publicly on Our Website and Mobile application.

 

Article 16. Other conditions

 

The carriage of Passengers and Baggage is also provided in accordance with our other regulations which are published publicly on Our Website, Mobile application, and other relevant regulations of the law.