GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CARRIAGE FOR INTERNATIONAL PASSENGER AND BAGGAGE



ARTICLE 1. DEFINITIONS



As used in these conditions of carriage, terms shall be defined as follows.



1. “PASSENGER” means any person, except members of the crew, carried or to be carried in an aircraft with the consent of Carrier.

2. “CARRIAGE”, which is equivalent to transportation, means carriage of passenger and/or baggage by air, gratuitously or for reward.

3. “CARRIER” means air carrier and includes the air carrier issuing the ticket and all air carriers that carry the passenger and/or his/her baggage thereunder, or perform or undertake to perform and other services related to such air carriage.

4. “CONVENTION” means the Convention for the Unification of Certain Rules Relating to International Carriage by Air, signed at Warsaw, October 12, 1929, (hereinafter called the “Warsaw Convention”) or that Convention as amended at the Hague, September 28, 1955 (hereinafter called the “Warsaw Convention as amended at the Hague, 1955”), or Convention for the Unification of Certain Rules for International Carriage by Air, signed at Montreal on May 28, 1999 (hereinafter called the “Montreal Convention”), whichever may be applicable.

5. “INTERNATIONAL CARRIAGE that is not defined in the convention“ refers to transport that is not included in the category of international transport under the Warsaw Convention or the Montreal Convention, and is a transport where the departure point and the destination point under the agreement between parties are located in more than two countries. “Country” in this context includes all areas where a state’s sovereign rights, permanent sovereign rights, delegated governance, authority or entrusted governance is applied.

6. “TARIFFS” refers to the fare, rates and fees applied to the international transport of passengers and baggage as charged by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. and the rules and procedures related to such transport. Tariff also consists as a part of these terms and conditions on transport..

7. “CONTRACT TERMS” refers to the clauses that are included in the flight ticket or delivered with the flight ticket and either marked as “contract terms” or are clauses written in the notice and in these terms and conditions.

8. “AIR TICKET“ means an Electronic ticket (e-ticket) or Itinerary/Receipt issued by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. and an agent designated by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. for international air route carrige in accordance with these terms and conditions of the contract, that including cotract terms, notification and boarding coupons.

9. ”BOARDING COUPON” means the portion of the Passenger Ticket or the Electronic Coupon in case of an Electronic Ticket(e-ticket), that indicates particular places between which the coupon is good for carriage.

10. “ELECTRONIC TICKET” means the Itinerary/Receipt issued by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. or on our behalf and the Electronic Coupons.

11. “ITINERARY/RECEIPT” means a document or documents Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. issue to Passengers travelling on Electronic Tickets that contains the Passenger’s name, flight information and notices.

12. ”ELECTRONIC COUPON” means an electronic flight coupon that is specified the specific sections in which passengers will be transported or related information stored in the airline database.

13. “MISCELLANEOUS CHARGES ORDER” (“MCO” hereinafter) , or in case of electronic environment, the “ELECTRONIC MISCELLANEOUS DOCUMENT” (“EMD” hereinafter), means a document issued by a carrier or its agent, requesting issue of an appropriate Passenger Ticket and Baggage Check or provision of services to the person named in such document.

14. ”FORCE MAJEURE” means unusual and unforeseeable circumstances beyond a passenger’s control, the consequences of which could not have been avoided even if all due care had been exercised. (Excluding traffic circumstances or cancellations of flights etc.)

15. ”NORMAL FARE” means the full fare established for a normal, regular or used service, the application of which is not dependent upon any specially limited period of ticket validity or other special circumstances.

16. ”SPECIAL FARE” means a fare other than normal fares. These types of fares may be subject to certain conditions such as expiry dates and other special limitations.

17. “REFUND PENALTY” means a fee charged in accordance with the fare’s refund policy when refunding ticket.

18. ”NO SHOW PENALTY” refers to fees charged if a passenger of a confirmed flight does not board the flight without notifying the airline of their cancellation of the booking.

19. “DAY” means calendar days, including Sundays and legal holidays; provided that for the purpose of notification, the day upon which the notice is dispatched shall not be counted; and that for purpose of determining duration of validity, the balance the day upon which the ticket is issued, or flight commenced shall not be counted.

20. “CONJUNCTION TICKET” means two or more tickets concurrently issued to a passenger and which constitute a single contract of carriage.

21. “STOP-OVER”, which is equivalent to a break of journey, means a deliberate interruption of a journey by the passenger, agreed to in advance by the carrier, at a point between the place of departure and the place of destination.

22. “DESTINATION” means the ultimate stopping place according to the contract of carriage. In the case of round trip or circle trip, the destination is the same place as the point of origin.

23. ”CHECK-IN” means that the airline performs all the procedures necessary for passengers to board the flight. In other words, it consists of procedures such as seat allocation, issuance of boarding passes, and baggage check.

24. ”CHECK-IN DEADLINE” means the time limit specified by the Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. by which a passenger must have complete check-in formalities and receive their boarding pass.

25. ”BOARDING PASS” means a certificate issued to certify that passengers can board a flight and, when boarding an aircraft, a boarding pass shall be presented at the designated gate.

26. “CHILD” means, for the purpose of discounts for children, a person of 2 years of age or over but under 12 years of age.}

27. “INFANT” means, for the purpose of discounts for infants, a person under 2 years of age.

28. “BAGGAGE”, which is equivalent to luggage, means such articles, effects and other personal property of a passenger as are necessary or appropriate for wear, use, comfort or convenience in connection with his/her trip. Unless otherwise specified, it includes both checked and carry-on baggage of the passenger.

29. ”CHECKED BAGGAGE” refers to baggage that the passenger presented with a valid flight ticket and which Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. received and issued a baggage ticket.

30. ”CARRY-ON BAGGAGE” refers to the baggage that the passenger brings on board into the cabin.

31. ”BAGGAGE TAG” means a document issued for identification and transportation of the checked baggage.

32. ”EXCESSIVE BAGGAGE TAG” means an electronic or paper certificate issued by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. for the transport of excess baggage. This is equivalent to a receipt issued by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. as proof of charge collection.

33. “ROUND TRIP”, which is equivalent to a return journey, means travel from one point to another and return by the same air route used outbound whether or not the fares outbound and inbound be the same, or travel from one point to another and return by an air route different from that used outbound, for which the same normal through, one-way fare is established.

34. “CIRCLE TRIP” means travel from a point and return there to by a continuous, circuitous air route; provided that where no reasonable direct scheduled air route is available between two points, a break in the circle may be traveled by any other means of transportation without prejudice to the circle trip.

35. “OPEN-JAW TRIP” means travel which is essentially of a round trip nature but the outward point of departure and inward point or arrival and/or outward point of arrival and inward point of departure of which are not the same.

36. ”DAMAGE” includes death, injury, delay, loss or other damage of whatsoever nature arising out of or in connection with carriage or other services performed by carrier incidental thereto.

37. ”SDR” refers to the Special Drawing Right as designated by the International Monetary Fund.

38. ”FRENCH GOLD FRANC” refers to French Franc consisting of 65.5 milligrams of a purity 900/1000 gold.



ARTICLE 2. APPLICATION OF TERMS



1. General

Nothing in these Conditions of Carriage and other applicable tariffs modifies or waives any provision of the Convention.

2. Applicability

To the extent not in conflict with the Convention and except as excluded by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.’s conditions in relation to carriage wholly on its own domestic services, these Conditions of Carriage shall apply to all carriage of passenger and baggage including all services incidental thereto, performed by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. at fares, rates and charges published in connection with these Conditions of Carriage.

3. Gratuitous Carriage

With respect to gratuitous carriage, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. reserves the right to exclude the application of all or any part of these Conditions of Carriage. However, excluding the application of any Conditions of Carriage cannot violate any applicable laws, government regulations, and orders and requirements (including conventions).

4. Charter Flight Agreement

Carriage of passengers and baggage performed pursuant to a charter agreement with Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. shall be preferably subject to such charter agreement, and any others not specifically provided in the charter agreement shall be subject to these Conditions of Carriage. The passenger, by accepting carriage pursuant to a charter agreement and a carriage is performed thereunder, shall be regarded as having agreed to said agreement and these Conditions of Carriage, whether or not he has concluded the charter agreement with Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.

5. Effectiveness

All carriage of passengers and/or baggage shall be subject to these Conditions of Carriage and other applicable tariffs in effect on the date of commencement of carriage covered by the first flight coupon of the ticket.

6. Change without Notice

Due to changes in applicable law, government rules, orders, instructions or improvement in services, these terms and conditions for transport and other applicable tariffs may change without notice. If these terms and conditions for transport are changed for any other reason, passengers to which flight tickets had been issued before such change takes effect shall not have the amended terms and conditions for transport applied.



ARTICLE 3. AIR TICKET



1. General

A ticket will not be issued and in any case Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will not transport the passenger until the passenger has paid the applicable fare or has complied with credit arrangement established by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.

2. Validity of the ticket

A. The ticket is good for carriage from the airport at the place of departure to the airport at the place of destination via the route shown therein and for the applicable class of service and is valid for the period of time specified or referred to in Subparagraph B below and under conditions described in Subparagraph C below. Each flight coupon will be accepted for carriage on the date and flight for which accommodation has been reserved. When flight coupons are issued on “open-date” basis, accommodations will be reserved upon application, subject to the availability of space. The place and date of issue are set forth on the flight coupons.

B. A ticket issued at normal fare is valid for carriage for one year from the date of commencement of carriage, or if no portion of the ticket is used, from the date of issuance of the ticket. If the ticket is for or includes fare having a shorter period of validity than indicated above, such shorter validity shall apply only in respect to transportation to which such fare applies.

C. The booking class printed on the (electronic) ticket must be identical with the class indicated by the respective PNR. Passenger holding ticket which fails to meet the above condition may be denied boarding or, may board only after paying predetermined surcharges.

D. Tickets expire at midnight on the date of expiration of ticket validity. Travel on the last continuous portion by the last flight coupon of the ticket must be commenced prior to midnight of the date of expiration but may continue beyond, unless otherwise provided in applicable tariffs.

E. An expired ticket or MCO/EMD will be accepted for refund in accordance with Article 12

3. Extension of Ticket Validity

A. Notwithstanding Article 3-2 above, the validity of a ticket will be extended without additional collection of fare as follows

1) Up to 30 days past the expiration date in the following cases

a) Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. cancels or postpones the flight during the period of validity;

b) Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. omits a scheduled stop which is the passenger’s place of departure, place of destination or place of stopover;

c) Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. fails to operate a flight reasonably according to schedule;

d) Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. causes the passenger to miss a connection;

e) Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. substitutes a different class of services;

f) Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. is unable to provide previously confirmed spaces.

B. When a passenger is prevented from traveling by reason of illness

Unless otherwise provided in applicable tariffs, when a passenger is prevented from traveling within the period of validity of his ticket by reason of illness (but not pregnancy), Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will extend the period of validity of such passenger’s ticket until the date when he/she becomes fit to travel according to a medical certificate, or until the first service of the class of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., for which the fare has been paid, on which space is available after such date from the point where the journey is resumed or from the last connecting point. Provided that, when the flight coupons remaining in a ticket having a one year validity involve one or more stopovers, the validity of such ticket will be extended for not more than 3 months from the date shown on the certificate. In such circumstances, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will extend similarly the period of validity of tickets of persons traveling with an incapacitated passenger.

C. In the case that a passenger dies during his trip, the valid period of the flight ticket of accompanying members may be extended up to 45 days from the day of death.

4. Ticket Sequence and Use

A. Tickets shall be used in the order specified on the ticket from the origin.

B. If it is not used in the order specified on the ticket, the ticket may be received for transportation and will be refunded in accordance with the applicable fare rules.

5. Absence, Loss or Irregularities of Ticket

Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will refuse carriage to any person not in possession of a valid ticket. In case of loss or non-presentation of the ticket or the applicable portion thereof, carriage will not be furnished for that part of the trip covered by such ticket or portion thereof until the passenger purchases another ticket at the current applicable fare for the carriage to be performed. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will not accept a ticket if any part of it is mutilated or if it has been altered or erase by other than carrier or if it is presented without the passenger coupon and all unused flight coupon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will issue at the passenger’s request a new ticket to replace the lost one upon receipt of proof of loss satisfactory of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. and may collect a service charge or handling fee, and if the circumstances of the case in Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.’s opinion warrant such action. Provided that the passenger agrees, in such form as may be prescribed by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., to indemnify for any loss or damage which Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may sustain by reason thereof.

6. Non-Transferability

A. A Ticket is not transferable

B. If it is not used in the order specified on the ticket, the ticket may be received for transportation and will be refunded in accordance with the applicable fare rules.



ARTICLE 4. STOP-OVER



1. Permission of Stop-over

A. In case of a passenger holding a ticket issued at the normal fare, stopovers within the period of ticket validity will be permitted at any scheduled stop unless government requirements or applicable tariffs do not permit such stopover.

B. In case of passengers holding tickets issued at special fare, stopovers will be subject to the limitations, prohibitions or additional stopover charges as provided in the applicable tariffs of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.

2. Prior Arrangement

Stopover shall be arranged with Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. in advance and specified in the passenger ticket.



ARTICLE 5. FARES, CHARGES AND ROUTES



1. Applicable Fares and Charges

A. Except as otherwise provided in applicable tariffs, applicable fares and charges for carriage governed by these Conditions of Carriage and other applicable tariffs are those duly published by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., and shall be those in effect on the date on which full payment is made, for travel on specific dates and journey shown on ticket. When the fares or charges collected are not the applicable fares or charges, the difference will be refunded to or collected from the passenger, as may be appropriate.

B. Applied fares apply only for carriage from the airport at the point of origin to the airport at the point of destination and do not include ground transfer service with airport areas or between airports or between airport and downtown except where applicable tariffs specially provide that such ground transfer service will be furnished without additional charge.

C. In the event of a voluntary change to the originating flight, the fares and charges for the passenger’s journey shall be recalculated in accordance with fares and charges in effect on date on which the change is made and is reflected on the ticket.

D. Except as otherwise provided in applicable tariffs, direct fares published in tariffs take precedence over any combination of intermediate fares applicable to the same class of service between the same points.

E. Except as otherwise provided in applicable tariffs, fares published in tariffs entitle the passenger to occupy one seat of the applicable class provided that, when a passenger cannot be accommodated in one seat because of his size. If the passenger reserves two seats in advance, twice the applicable fare must be charged.

2. Construction of Unpublished Fares

When the fare between any two points is not specially published, such fare will be constructed as provided in applicable tariffs.

3. Routes

Except as otherwise provided in applicable tariffs, fares apply in either direction and only to routings published in connection therewith.

4. Currency of Payment and Applicable Exchange Rate

A. Currency of Payment

Subject to currency exchange laws, government regulations and acceptability to Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., payment of fares and charges may be made in a currency other than the currency in which the fare or charges is published.

B. Applicable Exchange Rate

Unless otherwise specified in the applicable tariff, the International Air Transport Association (IATA) exchange rate shall be used to convert the published rate or charge into the selling currency.

5. Taxes, Fees, and charges, etc.

Applicable taxes, fees and charges imposed by government or by the operator of an airport collectible from a passenger will be in addition to the published fares and charges. The service charges, fees and other collectible charges due to the changes in any circumstances imposed by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will be also collected in addition to the published fares and charges. If a new tax, fee or charge is imposed even after ticket issuance, a passenger will be obliged to pay it.



ARTICLE 6. REVISED ROUTINGS, FAILURE TO CARRY AND MISSED CONNECTIONS



1. Changes Requested by passenger

A. At a passenger’s request, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will effect a change in the routing (other than point of origin), carrier(s), class(es) of service, destination, fare or validity specified in an unused ticket, boarding coupon(s) by issuing a new ticket or by endorsing such unused ticket, boarding coupon(s), provided that;

1) Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. issued the original ticket

2) Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. has received written or telegraphic authority to do so from the carrier entitled to effect the change.

B. When the re-routing results in a change of fare, the new fare and charges shall be calculated as provided in the applicable tariffs.

C. The expiration date of any new ticket issued for a revised routing will be limited to the expiration date that would have been applicable had the new ticket been issued on the date of sale of the original ticket.

D. If a passenger wishes to change his/her journey, including the date, flight, section or destination stated in the ticket, he/she shall request to change the airline's branch, business office or ticket agent before departure, and may change it after paying an additional fee under Airline's separate provisions. However, the fee may vary and may not be changed depending on the class of the fare paid by the passenger, the time of request, and the boarding section.

E. If a passenger requests a change in spelling, the change in spelling may be permitted after additional fees are charged in accordance with the separate provisions of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., only in situations where the passenger can be determined to be the same person.

2. Involuntarily Revised Routing due to circumstances of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.

A. In the event Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. cancels a flight, fail to operate a flight reasonably according to schedule, fails to stop at a point to which the passenger is destined or is ticketed to stopover, is unable to provide previously confirmed space, or the passenger is refused carriage or removed in accordance with Article 9-1. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will either;

1) carry the passenger in another flight of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. on which space is available,

2) endorse to another carrier or other transportation service the unused portion of the ticket for the purpose of rerouting

3) re-route the passenger to the destination or point of stopover shown on the ticket or applicable portion thereof by its own or other transportation services

4) make involuntary refund in accordance with Article 12. 3.

B. In the event a passenger misses an onward connecting flight of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. on which space has been reserved for him because the delivering carrier did not operate its flight according to schedule, or changed the schedule of such flight, the delivering carrier will arrange for the carriage of the passenger or make other arrangements and Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. shall not be liable for such missed connection.

C. An involuntarily rerouted passenger shall be entitled to retain the free baggage allowance applicable to the fare originally paid.



ARTICLE 7. RESERVATIONS



1. General

A ticket will be valid for the flight(s) for which reservation(s) shall have been made, and only between the points named on the ticket or applicable boarding coupons. A passenger holding an unused open-date ticket or portion thereof, or Miscellaneous Charges Order, or who wished to change his ticketed reservations to other reservations shall not be entitled to any preferential right with respect to the obtaining of reservations.

2. Conditions of Reservation

A. A reservation for space on a given flight is valid when the availability and allocation of such space is confirmed by a reservations agent of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., and a record of the confirmed space is reflected in Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.’s reservations system. Whenever a passenger fails to purchase a ticket for the reserved space by the time fixed by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will cancel the reservations at any time without notice.

B. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may change pre-assigned seat without any notice under unavoidable circumstances such as flight cancellation, delay or change of aircraft. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. does not guarantee allocation of any particular space in the aircraft.

3. Reconfirmation of Reservation

A. Onward or return reservations may be subject to the requirement to reconfirm the reservation within specified time limits. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will advise you when Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. require reconfirmation, and how and where it should be done. If it is required and you fail to reconfirm, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may cancel your onward or return reservations. However, if you advise Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. that you still wish to travel, and there is space on the flight, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will reinstate your reservations and transport you. If there is no space on the flight, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will use reasonable efforts to transport you to your next or final destination.

B. You should check the reconfirmation requirements of any other Carriers involved in your journey with them. Where it is required, you should reconfirm with the carrier whose code appears for the flight in question on the Ticket.

4. Communication Charges

The passenger will be charged for any communication charge paid or incurred by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. for telephone, telegraph, radio or cable arising from a special request of the passenger concerning a reservation.

5. Cancellation of Reservation

A. Please be advised that in the event you do not show up for confirmed flight without advising Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. in advance, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may cancel your return or onward reservations. However, if you do advise Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. in advance, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will not cancel your subsequent flight reservations.

B. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may, at its own discretion, cancel a part of the passenger’s reservations without notice to the passenger or its agent if two or more seats are reserved for the passenger in the same reservation record and if:

1) reservations have identical on-board segment as well as boarding date;

2) it is reasonably considered that passenger cannot use all of the flights because the on-board segments are identical and each boarding date is within 7 days of the earliest departure date;

3) it is reasonably considered that the passenger cannot use all of the reserved flights.

6. Reservation Cancellation by Passenger and No-Show Penalty

A. Reservation Cancellation by Passenger

A passenger who wishes to cancel his or her confirmed seat must notify Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. or its authorized agent of the cancellation by the check-in deadline time of the flight.

B. No-Show Penalty

1) When a passenger does not notify the Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. of cancellation by the check-in deadline time and fails to use his or her confirmed space, or fails to board the flight after check-in, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will collect a no-show penalty as separately stipulated by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.

2) When a passenger fails to cancel the flight in advance due to passenger’s condition, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will collect a refund penalty and a no-show penalty.

7. Personal Information

A passenger or its agent should furnish Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. with the required passenger's personal information (name, telephone number, address, credit card number, etc.) for requesting flight reservation or any other services that may or may not be provided through Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. To provide the requested services or products, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may share the passenger's personal information with any of its own offices, its agents, other carriers, other affiliated companies, and the providers of services, and that may provide the passenger's personal information with



ARTICLE 8. CHECK-IN & BOARDING



1. Check-in Deadlines

Passengers must complete their seat assignments and baggage check-in before the designated check-in time indicated on their electronic reservation confirmation on the Aero K website (www.aerok.com). As counter closing time may vary by airport, passengers must ensure that they are aware of the time and comply with the applicable check-in time. For seamless check-in process and travel experience, passengers should complete their seat assignments and baggage check-in in advance of the check-in deadline, and Aero K reserves the right to cancel reservations if passengers fail to arrive at the check-in counter before the check-in counter closing time. Aero K and its agents will notify passengers of the check-in deadline for the first flight segment provided by Aero K, but passengers must confirm the check-in deadline for subsequent flights themselves. The check-in time for Aero K’s flights is stated on Aero K website (www.aerok.com) and can be confirmed with Aero K or its agents.

2. Boarding Deadlines

A. Passenger must be present at the boarding gate not later than the time specified by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. when you check in.

B. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may cancel the space reserved for you if you fail to arrive at the boarding gate in time.

3. Liability

Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will not be liable to you for any loss or expense incurred due to your failure to comply with the provisions of this Article.



ARTICLE 9. REFUSAL AND LIMITATION OF CARRIAGE



1. Rights to Refuse Carriage

A. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., in the reasonable exercise of its discretion, may refuse to carry passenger or his/her baggage, if it has notified him/her in writing that it would not at any time after the date of such notice carry such passenger on its flights.

B. Aero K Airlines may refuse carriage or deboard en route passenger or his/her baggage, if one or more of the following have occurred or it reasonably believes may occur. For such actions, Aero K airline may also request additional documents or proof, such as identification or proof of purchase.

1) When the individual did not follow the instructions or requests of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. or government authorities for the safety of the life and property of passengers.

2) When such measures are deemed necessary to abide by the applicable laws, rules or orders of the government

3) When the transport of a certain passenger or their baggage may have materially negative impact on the safety of other passengers or flight attendants or their wellbeing

4) When the individual has shown threatening behavior, aggressive behavior, acts of cursing or insults or commotion caused during check-in including ticketing

5) When the mental or physical state of the passenger is deemed to pose a risk to his own self, other passengers, flight attendants or their property, including damage caused by alcohol or other substances.

6) When it is anticipated that the pet (excluding guide dogs for disabled people) will continuously cause noise such as through barking, disrupting the comfort of other passengers during the trip

7) When the passenger has undermined the safe operation of an aircraft before or caused discomfort to other passengers and there is a likelihood of such a situation recurring

8) When the passenger is unable to present an identification card or other legally valid means of verification requested by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. for the latter to confirm that the individual is the rightful passenger named on the ticket, or if the passenger fails to prove his or her identity.

9) When the passenger refuses to undergo a security search of his body or his belongings

10) When the passenger has destroyed, doctored, or changed travel documents to attempt entry into a destination country or a stopover country for which he does not have the required documents. Or, the passenger refused to submit travel documents requested by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. for record-keeping, in exchange for a verification ticket

11) When the passenger presented a flight ticket that was acquired illegally or purchased from someone who is not Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. or its branch office, or that was reported as lost or stolen

C. When flight is overbooked or maximum allowed load of aircraft is overloaded due to Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.’s responsibility, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may request or look for volunteers to be offloaded. Despite of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.’s attempt to minimize the number of involuntary denied boarding passengers but if involuntary denied boarding is inevitable, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may select the following passengers to be offloaded in sequence: airline staffs who are not directly relevant to flight operation, passengers who do not have confirmed tickets, passengers with confirmed tickets. Any disputes arising from this procedure may be settled according to any applicable government laws and international conventions. However, passengers travelling with infants, incapacitated persons, pregnant women, passengers with illness or passengers who need special assistance are excluded from involuntary denied boarding list.

D. Due to unforeseeable causes for which Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. is not liable, when maximum allowed load of aircraft is reduced, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may select passenger or baggage to be offloaded to meet the allowed load of aircraft. However, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may select the following passengers to be offloaded in sequence: airline staffs who are not directly relevant to flight operation, passengers who do not have confirmed tickets, passengers with confirmed tickets. However, passengers travelling with infants, incapacitated persons, pregnant women, passengers with illness or passengers who need special assistance are excluded from involuntary denied boarding list.

E. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will make refund for the unused portion(s) of ticket in accordance with the provisions in Article 12-3. herein, for the passenger who is refused carriage or disembarked en route for one of the reasons in Paragraphs “A” through “D” above.

2. Conditional Acceptance for Carriage

A. If a passenger whose status, age, or mental or physical condition is such as to involve any hazard or risk to himself is carried, it is on the expressive condition that Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. shall not be liable for any injury, illness or disability or any aggravation or consequences thereof, including death, caused by such status, age, or mental or physical condition and that the conditions for his/her carriage shall be subject to the applicable tariffs and the requirements of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.’s regulations.

B. Acceptance for carriage of unaccompanied children, disabled people, pregnant women, people with illness or others requiring special assistance is subject to prior arrangement with Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.

C. A disabled passenger who has informed Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. of his/her disability and any specific requirements in advance and been accepted by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., shall not consequently be refused carriage based on such disability or specific requirements. Also, in case of a disabled passenger, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. must fulfill the effort to offer passenger’s requirement based on information as provided by the passenger. However, services can be restricted by related statute or aircraft facilities.

3. Transportation of Unaccompanied Minors

A. Children between age of 5 and 12 (acceptable age may vary depending on the destination) who are not accompanied by a passenger who is at least 18 years old may be transported only if prior agreement has been made with Aero K under the following conditions:

1) Applicable for flight segment operated by Aero K

2) The parent or guardian must submit a written pledge stating their name, contact information, and address and confirming that they will be present at the departure and arrival airports when the child departs and arrives.

3) The child must stay with the parent or guardian at the departure airport until boarding.

4) Must comply with any other transport conditions and fare regulations set by Aero K.

B. Children under 5 years old will not be allowed to travel unless accompanied by a parent or guardian.

C. Passengers must comply with all customs and immigration documents and procedures required by the relevant countries, and Aero K will not be responsible for any losses or costs incurred by passengers' failure to comply with such regulations.

4. Transportation of Infant

No designated seats will be provided to any infant passengers under an age of 24 months.

5. Code of Conduct in aircraft

A. If a passenger conducts himself/herself aboard the aircraft one of the following, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may take such measures as it deems necessary to prevent continuation of such conduct, including restraint. Such passenger may be disembarked and refused onward carriage at any point and may be prosecuted for offences committed on board the aircraft.

1) In the case of conducting the following illegal acts that may hinder the safe operation of the aircraft or make it impossible to operate;

① Kidnapping or attempting to hijack an aircraft on the ground or in service

② Taking a person hostage on an aircraft or at an airport

③ The act of destroying or damaging aircraft, airports, and navigation safety facilities

④ Unauthorized entry into aircraft, navigation safety facilities, and airport facility protection zones, or interference with operations

⑤ The act of bringing dangerous goods, such as weapons, including biochemical weapons, into an aircraft or airport facility protection zone for the purpose of a crime

⑥ Providing false information that threatens the safety of aircraft on the ground or in service.

⑦ Providing false information that threatens the safety of passengers, crew members and ground personnel in airports and airport facilities

⑧ Use of aircraft for the purpose of killing or injuring people or causing serious damage to property or the environment

⑨ Acts to be punished pursuant to Article 23 of the Aviation Security Act (Obligation to cooperate with passengers) other than those listed above

2) If any of the following passengers are present, it may be determined whether the passengers should board after consultation between the captain and the carriage officer.

① Passengers who refuse instructions from government agencies and companies for passenger safety and aircraft security

② Passengers engaging in assault, intimidation or hierarchical acts that hinder the safety or operation of the aircraft

③ Passengers operating equipment, exits, entrances, etc. in an aircraft

④ Passengers who need to be denied boarding for compliance with applicable laws, regulations or orders in the relevant country

⑤ Passengers who fail to comply with the crew's legitimate duty instructions or controls for safe operation

⑥ Passengers refusing security checks or identification

⑦ Passengers with drug-induced physical effects

⑧ A drunken passenger

⑨ Passengers exhibiting grotesque behavior or gross odors that offend others

⑩ Critically ill passengers who do not carry a doctor's note that they can fly

⑪ Passengers who are required to sit only in the emergency exit row due to physical disability

⑫ Passengers involved in the act of damaging passengers or property

⑬ Other passengers, etc. deemed necessary for safe operation

6. Electronic Devices

Use of electronic devices that prohibited and limited on board is likely to cause electromagnetic interference in aircraft radio communications, navigation equipment, and navigation equipment systems. Therefore, the final authority on the use of passengers' electronic devices is in the captain's hands, and the use of passengers' portable electronic devices may be restricted at any time during flight if the captain determines that it may affect safe operation or if any abnormalities are expected or detected.



ARTICLE 10. BAGGAGE



1. General

A. The transport of baggage shall be conducted under the terms and conditions for transport and other applicable tariffs in place as of the day on which the trip starts with the initial boarding coupon of the flight ticket. However, if there are a separate set of rules for the country concerned, such rules shall take precedence.

B, Passengers are prohibited from including in the baggage items that may pose a risk to the aircraft or to the life or property of passengers, fragile items that may break during transport, items that are not appropriately packaged or items prohibited under law, rules or orders in the departure country, stopover country or destination country. If Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. deems that the weight, size, or nature of the baggage makes it inappropriate for transport via aircraft, it may refuse its transport either partially or in its entirety, before departure or during the transport.

C. If a passenger has not paid the full fare using the payment methods designated by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. or in accordance with the conditions for credit transactions, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may deny the transport of baggage.

2. Checked-in baggage

A. Passengers are prohibited from checking in their baggage for legs on which Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. cannot offer baggage check-in services. No clause in these terms and conditions for transport recognize the rights to make such a request for baggage check-in.

B. When receiving baggage to be checked in, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. shall enter the number of pieces and weight of the checked-in baggage and issue a baggage ticket for identification of each piece of baggage. The baggage ticket shall be handed over to the passenger.

C. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. shall only receive baggage that is in the form of a suitcase or that packaged appropriately in a similar container for it to be transported safely in accordance with the regular baggage handling methods. Personal electronics such as laptop computers, mobile phones, cameras, video recorders or MP 3 players, fragile items such as data storage devices, items that are prone to spoilage, currency, precious stones, jewelry, securities, pharmaceutical products, identification document, keys, artwork, antiques or other valuables, explosives, documents or samples shall not be accepted as checked-in baggage.

D. If the passenger checks in his baggage after the cut-off time that had been set by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may refuse to accept the baggage for check-in.

E. In principle, the checked-in baggage of a passenger shall be transported to the flight that the passenger will board. However, if it is impossible to transport the checked-in baggage on the same flight as the passenger due to security reasons or other reasons, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. shall transport it via another flight that is the closest to the original flight in time.

F. In principle, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. shall only accept baggage of the passenger whose name is listed on the flight ticket and may reject the boarding and transport of baggage that a third party has asked the passenger to transport on their behalf. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may claim damages for all losses incurred, from the individual who asked the passenger to transport their baggage on their behalf, and the actual passenger.

3. Free Checked Baggage Allowance

Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. applies the following according to the class of fares paid by passengers.

A. Check-in baggage for adult, child and infants who have paid child fares is allowed free of charge up to 20 kilograms for normal fares, but may not be allowed or otherwise under passenger-paid airfares and tariff regulations.

B. Infants not entitled to a seat shall be allowed with 1 baggage with weight of 10 kilograms and in addition one checked or carry-on fully collapsible stroller or infants carrying basket or infants car seat, which may be carried in the passenger cabin subject to the availability of space.

C. In addition to the checked baggage allowance provided for in above Paragraphs, Incapacitated passengers may carry free of charge one wheelchair and/or other assistive devices they are dependent upon.

D. Baggage allowance may vary according to the route and cabin class. In addition, limitations on size and weight may be enforced due to security and safety regulations.

4. Excess Baggage Charges

A. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable tariff, a separate excess baggage charge shall be imposed in accordance with Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.'s regulations and procedures effective on the date of issuance of the excess baggage claim.

B. Baggage other than one carry-on baggage must be checked in, and when checked in at the boarding gate, the fare is charged in consideration of the quantity, weight, etc. according to Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.'s regulations.

C. Excess baggage charges may also be imposed on baggage within the free baggage allowance if the quantity, size and weight of the baggage exceeds the range prescribed by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.

D. If the free baggage allowance is exceeded, weights of not less than 0.5 kg shall be rounded to 1 kg, but weights of not less than 0.5 kg shall be excluded from the calculation.

E. The baggage of the following items shall be within 203 cm of the sum of three sides, regardless of their actual dimensions, and a separate baggage charge prescribed by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. shall apply for special baggage such as sports baggage.

1) 1 foldable bicycle (a single-person or racing bicycle without a motor. But, the handle must be secured to the side and the pedal must be detachable)

2) 1 set of ski equipment (1 pair of ski shoes, 1 pair of ski poles, 1 pair of ski pads)

3) 1 water ski equipment for competition

5. Collection and Delivery of Baggage

A. The passenger shall collect his/her baggage as soon as it is available for collection at places of destination or stopover.

B. Only the bearer of the baggage identification tag, delivered to the passenger at the time the baggage was checked, is entitled to delivery of baggage. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. is under no obligation to ascertain that the bearer of the baggage identification tag is entitled to delivery of the baggage and Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. is not liable for any loss, damage or expense arising out of or in connection with its failure so to ascertain. Except as provided in Paragraph D below, delivery will be at the destination shown in the baggage check.

C. If the provisions of Paragraph B above are not complied with by a person claiming the baggage, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will deliver the baggage only on the condition that such person established to Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.’s satisfaction his/her rights thereto and, if required by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., such person shall furnish adequate security to indemnify Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. for any loss, damage or expense which may be incurred by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. as a result of such delivery.

D. At the request of the bearer of the baggage identification tag, checked baggage may be delivered at the place of departure or at an intermediate stopping place upon the same condition provided for in Paragraph B above, unless precluded by government regulations, and unless time and circumstances do not permit. In delivering baggage at the place of departure or at an intermediate stopping place, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. shall be under no obligation to refund any charges paid for such baggage.

E. Acceptance of baggage by the bearer of the baggage identification tag without written complaint at the time of delivery is sufficient evidence that the baggage has been delivered in good condition and in accordance with the Contract of Carriage.

6. Carry-on Baggage

A. Apart from the free check-in baggage allowance, one carry-on baggage, which sum of the three sides is 115 centimeters and weight of under 10kg, per passenger is allowed, under the condition that the passenger is fully responsible and shall be placed under the seat or at the cabin shelf.

B. In addition to the baggage referred to in the above “A,” one piece of the following items may be brought into the cabin.

1) 1 laptop computer

2) 1 handbag, cosmetic pouch or briefcase

3) Small quantity of reading materials

4) 1 coat, cover or blanket

5) Small camera and binoculars

6) Infant’s food to be used during the flight

7) An umbrella or cane with a blunt end

8) Completely foldable wheelchair, crutches or prosthetic legs used by a passenger with physical disabilities

9) A small-sized, fully collapsible stroller or collapsible stroller fits in the rule of carry-on baggage size

C. Carry-on baggage may be limited according to airport conditions, security regulations, or insufficient space.

D. Musical instruments or valuables that would be inappropriate to be transported as checked-in baggage may be transported as baggage to which a separate seat is assigned. Baggage that is assigned a separate seat must be applied for and receive approval at the time of booking. An additional fee shall be charged in accordance with the occupation of the seat on board. However, this service may be restricted for a specific period due to airline circumstances.

E. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will limit the acceptance of carry-on items for carriage in passenger cabin to conform with security regulations or others.

7. Items unacceptable as Baggage

If the weight, shape, size or character of baggage renders it unsuitable for carriage on the aircraft, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., prior to or at any stage of the journey, will refuse to carry the baggage or any portion thereof.

A. Items specified in the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) Technical Instructions for the Safe Transport of Dangerous Goods by Air and the International Air Transport Association (IATA) Dangerous Goods Regulations

B. Items which are likely to endanger the aircraft or persons or property on board the aircraft

C. Items the carriage of which is prohibited by the applicable laws, regulations or orders of any state to be flown from, to or over

D. Items which are likely to be damaged by air carriage

E. Items which are unsuitably packed

F. high-priced and valuable articles

G. Medications to be taken on board or on a trip

H. E-cigarettes, lighters and matches

I. Portable Battery and Extra Lithium Battery

J. Vehicles equipped with lithium batteries except for electric wheelchairs such as hoverboards and Segways

8. Right of Search

8. Right of Search

9. Excess Value Charges

In principle, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. does not apply the Excess Value Charges. If a passenger wants to report a Excess Value Charges, transportation may be rejected.

10. Pets

A. Pets accompanied by the passengers can be transported by cabin according to the following conditions:

1) Only dogs, cats, and pet birds are allowed as accompanied pets.

2) Passengers must apply for pet transportation and acquire prior approval from Aero K during the reservation process, in accordance with Aero K's regulations and procedures.

3) Passengers must provide the required documents for pet transportation, such as quarantine certificates, health diagnoses, and vaccination certificates, as required by the departure/arrival and transit countries, and take appropriate measures for transporting pets, such as providing suitable pet carriers.

4) The weight of pets and the size of the carriers must comply with Aero K’s regulations posted on the Aero K website.

5) If Aero K accepts the transport of pets according to this clause, the weight of the pet and the carrier will not be included in the passenger's free baggage allowance, regardless of the passenger's baggage allowance, and excess baggage fees will be charged separately according to Aero K's regulations.

6) Passengers must sign a waiver of responsibility for any death, injury, loss, etc. that may occur during the transport of pets, and only then can pets be accepted for transport.

7) Passengers are responsible for customs clearance and immigration procedures, including quarantine and customs inspections, and any fines or costs imposed on passengers or airlines during these processes must be paid by the passengers.

B. Guide dogs for the visually impaired and assistance dogs for the hearing impaired are transported free of charge according to the following conditions:

1) The dog must accompany the passenger and not occupy a separate seat.

2) It must not impede safe flight operations.

3) If the dog becomes ill, injured, or dies during transportation, Aero K will not be liable unless the damage is due to Aero K's intentional or negligent actions.

4) If the dog causes damage to another passenger or property during transportation, the passenger must fully compensate for the damage.

5) Assistance dogs must wear a service dog tag and be on a leash or harness.



ARTICLE 11. SCHEDULES, DELAYS AND CANCELLATIONS OF FLIGHTS



1. Schedule

A. The times shown in schedule that notified by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. are approximate and not guaranteed and form no part of the contract of carriage. Schedules are subject to change without notice and Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. assumes no responsibility for making connections. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will not be responsible for errors or omissions either in timetables or other representations of schedules. No employee, agent or representative of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. is authorized to bind Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. by any statements or representations as to the dates or times of departure or arrival, or of the operation of any flight.

B. When Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. accepts your booking, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will notify you of the scheduled flight time in effect as of that time, and it will be shown on your Ticket. It is possible Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may need to change the scheduled flight time subsequent to issuance of your Ticket. If passengers provide Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. with his or her contact information, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will endeavor to notify the passengers of any such changes of flight time. In case the notice on the changes of the flight time has not been reached to passenger due to the causes attributable to the passenger, including but not limited to providing incorrect contact information or not providing updated contact information, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. shall not be liable for any losses or damages arising out of such result. If, after you purchase your Ticket, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. make a significant change to the scheduled flight time, which is not acceptable to you, and Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. are unable to book you on an alternate flight which is acceptable to you, you will be entitled to a refund in accordance with Article 12-3.

2. Cancellation

A. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may, without notice, substitute alternate carrier or aircraft.

B. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may, without notice, cancel, terminate, divert, postpone or delay any flight or the further right of carriage or reservation of traffic accommodations and determine if any departure or landing should be made, without any liability except to refund in accordance with these Conditions of Carriage the fare and charges for any unused portion of the ticket:

1) Because of any fact beyond its control (including, but without limitation, meteorological conditions, acts of God, force majeure, strikes, riots, civil commotions, embargoes, wars, hostilities, disturbances, or unsettled international conditions), actual, threatened or reported, or because of any delay, demand, condition, circumstances, or requirement due, directly, or indirectly, to such fact.

2) Because of any fact not to be foreseen, anticipated, or predicted

3) Because of any government regulations order, demand, or requirement

4) Because of shortage of labor, fuel or facilities, or labor difficulties of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. or others



ARTICLE 12. REFUND



1. General

A. Application for refund should be made during the period of validity of the ticket or EMD, and Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will refuse refund when application therefor is made more than 30 days after expiration date of the ticket or EMD.

B. Passenger requesting refund must surrender to Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. all unused flight coupon(s) of the ticket or EMD excluding Electronic Ticket.

C. Passenger who applies for a refund must inform Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. or the ticket vendor of the refund intention.

D. Except as provided below, refund will be made to the person named as the passenger on the ticket or EMD.

1) Refund of tickets or EMD issued.

① Under the Universal Air Travel Plan will be made to the account of subscriber against whose Air Travel Card they were issued.

② Against a Government Transportation Request will be made to the government agency which issued the Government Transportation Request

③ Against a commercial credit card will be made only to the commercial credit card account of the person to whom such credit card had been issued.

2) If, at the time of purchase, the purchaser designates a person to whom refund shall be made, refund will be made to the person so designated.

E. Refund made in accordance with this rule to a person representing himself as the person, company or travel agent named or designated in the document presented for refund will be a valid refund and Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will not be liable to the true person for another refund.

F. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may refuse refund on a ticket which has been presented to government officials of a country or to Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. as evidence of intention to depart therefrom unless the passenger establishes to Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.’ s satisfaction that he has permission to remain in the country or that he/she will depart therefrom by another carrier or conveyance.

2. Currency

All refunds will be subject to government laws, rules, regulations or orders of the country in which the ticket or EMD was originally purchased and of the country in which the refund is being made. Subject to the foregoing provisions, refunds will be made in the currency in which the fare was paid, or in lawful currency of Korea or of the country where the refund is made or in the currency of the country in which the ticket or EMD was purchased, in an amount equivalent to the amount due in the currency in which the fares were originally collected. However, when requested to refund in Korea, the refund will be basically made in lawful currency of Korea, which is Korean Won.

3. Involuntary Refund due to circumstances of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.

A. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term “Involuntary Refund due to circumstances of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.” means any refund made because the passenger is prevented from using the carriage provided for in his/her ticket because of cancellation of flight, or inability of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. to provided previously confirmed space, or substitution of a different type of equipment or class of service by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., or missed connections, or postponement or delay of flight, or omission of scheduled stop, or refusal to carry under conditions prescribed in Article 9-1.

B. The amount of an involuntary refund will be as follows:

1) When no portion of the trip has been made, the amount of refund will be the amount of fare paid.

2) When a portion of the trip has been made, the amount of refund will be the amount computed as shown below,

① Either an amount equal to the one-way fare less the same rate of discount, if any, that was applied in computing the original one-way fare (or on round trip or circle trip tickets, one-half of the round trip fare less the same rate of discount, if any) and charges applicable to the unused transportation from the point of termination to the destination or stopover point named on the ticket or to the point at which transportation is to be resumed

② The difference between the amount of fare paid and the amount of fare for the transportation used

4. Voluntary Refund due to circumstances of the passenger

A. The term “Voluntary Refund due to circumstances of the passenger”, for the purpose of this paragraph, means any refund of a ticket or EMD other than “Involuntary Refund” as defined in Paragraph 3-A above.

B. Special fares with some or all non-refundable conditions may be sold, and passengers must choose the best fare for their trip. If a passenger must cancel this flight ticket, appropriate countermeasures must be prepared.

C. The amount of a voluntary refund will be as follows:

1) When no portion of the trip has been made, the amount of refund will be the amount of fare paid, less any applicable service charge or cancellation fees.

2) When a portion of the trip has been made, the amount of refund will be the difference, if any, between the full amounts of fare paid and the amount of fare and charges applicable between the points between which the ticket has been used, less any applicable service charges or cancellation fees.

D. When the refunding of any portion of ticket would result in such ticket having been used between points where carriage of traffic is prohibited, the refund, if any, shall be determined in accordance with Paragraph C-2) above as if such ticket had been used to a point beyond, to which carriage of traffic is not prohibited.



ARTICLE 13. GROUND TRANSFER SERVICES



Except as otherwise specified in applicable tariffs, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. does not maintain, operate, or provide ground transfer service within airports or between airport and downtown. Except where ground transfer service is directly operated by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., it is agreed that any such service is performed by independent operators who are not and shall not be deemed to be agents or servants of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. Anything done by an employee, agent or representative of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. in assisting the passenger to decide for such ground transfer service shall in no way make Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. liable for the acts or omissions of such an independent operator. In case where Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. maintains and operates for its passenger such ground transfer services, the terms, conditions, rules and regulations of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., including (but without limitation) those stated or referred to in their tickets, baggage checks and baggage valuation agreements shall be deemed applicable to such ground transfer services. No portion of the fare shall be refundable in the event ground transfer services are not used.



ARTICLE 14. ACCOMMODATION



1. Accommodation

A. Accommodation expenses are not included in passenger fares.

B. In the case of scheduled overnight or other stops on through flights, hotel accommodation may be borne by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. at its option.

C. When requested by passengers, AERO K AIRLINES CO., LTD. may make application on their behalf for hotel reservations, but the availability thereof is not guaranteed. All expenses, incurred by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. or its representatives in arranging, or attempting to arrange for reservations will be chargeable to passengers

2. Arrangements made by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.

In making arrangements for hotel or other housing and board accommodation for passenger, whether or not the cost of such arrangements is for the account of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. acts only as agent for the passenger and Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. is not liable for loss, damage or expense of any nature whatsoever incurred by the passenger as a result of or in connection with the use.



ARTICLE 15. ADMINISTRATIVE FORMALITIES



1. Compliance with Regulations

The passenger is responsible for obtaining all required travel documents and visas and for complying with all laws, regulations, orders, demands and travel requirements of countries to be flown from, into or through which he transits. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. shall not be liable for the consequences to any passenger resulting from his/her failure to obtain such documents or visas or to comply with such laws, regulations, orders, demands, requirements, or instructions.

2. Passports and Visas

A. The passenger must present all exits, entry and other documents required by laws, regulations, orders, demands or requirements of the countries concerned. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will refuse carriage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws, regulations, orders, demands or requirements, or whose documents do not complete. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. is not liable to the passenger for loss or expense due to the passenger’s failure to comply with this provision, and if damage is caused to Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. because of passenger’s failure to comply with this provision, the passenger shall indemnify Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. therefor.

B. Subject to applicable laws and regulations, the passenger agrees to pay the applicable fare whenever Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., on government order, is required to return a passenger to his/her point of origin or elsewhere due to the passenger’s inadmissibility into a country, whether of transit or of destination. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. will apply to the payment of such fares any funds paid to Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. for unused carriage, or any funds of the passenger in the possession of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. The fare collected for carriage to the point of refusal of entry deportation will not be refunded by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.

3. Customs Inspection

If required, the passenger must attend inspection of his/her baggage, checked or unchecked, by customs or other government officials. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. accepts no responsibility toward the passenger if the latter fails to observe this condition. If damage is caused to Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. because of the passenger’s failure to observe this condition, the passenger shall indemnify Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. therefor.

4. Government Regulations

No liability shall attach to Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. if Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. in good faith determines that what it understands to be applicable law, government regulation, demand, order, or requirement requires that it refuse, and it does refuse to carry a passenger.



ARTICLE 16. LIABILITY OF CARRIERS



1. Successive Carriers

Carriage to be performed under one ticket or under a ticket and any conjunction ticket issued in connection therewith by several successive carriers is regarded as a single operation.

2. Laws and Provisions Applicable

A. Carriage hereunder is subject to the rules relating to liability and limitations established either by the Warsaw Convention, in case of international carriage as defined by the Warsaw Convention, or by the Warsaw Convention as amended at The Hague, 1955, in case of international carriage as defined by the Warsaw Convention as amended at The Hague, 1995, or in case of international carriage other than that defined by the Convention. For international carriage governed by the Montreal Convention, the liability rules set out in the Montreal Convention are fully incorporated herein.

B. To the extent not in conflict with the provisions of Sub-Paragraph A above, all carriage and other services performed by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. are subject to:

1) Applicable laws (including national laws implementing the Convention or extending the rules of the Convention to carriage which is not “international carriage” as defined in the Convention), government regulations, orders, and requirement.

2) These Conditions of Carriage and applicable tariffs, regulations, and timetables (but not the times of departure and arrival therein specified), which may be inspected at any of its offices and in any airport from which it operates regular services

C. Carrier’s name may be abbreviated in the ticket and carrier’s address shall be the airport of departure shown opposite the first abbreviation of carrier’s name in the ticket; and for the purpose of the Convention, the agreed stopping places are those places, except the place of departure and the place of destination, set forth in the ticket and any conjunction ticket issued therewith or shown in carrier’s timetables as scheduled stopping places on the passenger’s route. A list giving the full name, and its abbreviation of each carrier is set forth in applicable tariffs.

3. Waiver of Liability Limitation and Defenses; Reservation of Rights of Recourse

Except as the Convention or other applicable law may otherwise require:

A. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. is not liable for any death, injury, delay, loss or claim of whatsoever nature (hereinafter in this Conditions of Carriage collectively referred to as “damage”) arising out of or in connection with carriage or other services performed by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. incidental thereto, unless such damage is proved to have been caused by the negligence or willful fault of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. and there has been no contributory negligence of the passenger.

B. Under no circumstances will Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. be liable for damage to unchecked baggage not attributable to the negligence of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. Assistance rendered to the passenger by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.’s employees in loading, unloading, or transshipping unchecked baggage shall be considered as gratuitous service to the passenger.

C. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. is not liable for any damage directly and indirectly arising out of compliance with laws or with government regulations, orders, or requirements, or from failure of the passenger to comply with same, or out of any cause beyond Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.’s control.

D. With respect to carriage performed by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. and with respect only to claims made by passengers of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., or members of their families, but not with respect to any claim made by or on behalf of any other party:

1) Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. shall not avail itself of any defense under Article 20(1) of the Warsaw Convention as amended at the Hague, 1955 with respect to that portion of such claim which does not exceed 128,821 SDRs.

2) Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs 1). and b. hereof, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. reserves all defenses available under the Convention to any such claim. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. also reserves all rights of recourse against any other person, including without limitation, rights of contribution and indemnity.

3) Neither the waiver of limits nor the waiver of defenses shall be applicable in respect of claims made by public social insurance or similar bodies (except with respect to any such bodies of the United States) however asserted. Such claims shall be subject to the limit in Article 22(1) and to defenses under Article 20(1) of the Warsaw Convention as amended at the Hague, 1955.

4) The sum mentioned in terms of SDR in Subparagraph 2) above shall mean the Special Drawing Rights as defined by the International Monetary Fund Conversion of the sum into national currencies shall, in case of judicial proceedings, be made according to the exchange rate of such currencies applicable on the date of final judgement by the court, or, in case of other than judicial proceedings, according to the exchange rate of such currencies applicable on the date when the damages to be paid is agreed upon.

E. The foregoing waiver limitation of liability notwithstanding Paragraphs D-1) above, shall not apply with respect to any claim made by, on behalf of, or against any passenger or person who has willfully caused the death,wounding or other bodily injury of passenger. As to such claims, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. reserves the right to assert all defenses available under the Convention and other applicable law.

F. In any event liability of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. for delay of passenger shall not exceed the limitation set forth in the Convention.

G. Any liability of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. for delay, damage or lost is as follows, however, depreciation is applied to compensation.

1) Any liability of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. except 2) below is limited to 250 French Gold Francs or its equivalent (the United States equivalent is approximately USD 20) per kilogram in the case of checked baggage, and 5,000 French Gold Francs or its equivalent (the United States equivalent is approximately USD 400) per passenger in case of unchecked baggage or other property. In the event of delivery to the passenger of part but not all of his checked baggage, or in the event of damage of part but not all of such baggage, the liability of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. with respect to the undelivered or damaged portion shall be reduced proportionately on the basis of weight, notwithstanding the value of any part of the baggage or contents thereof.

2) The liability of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. is 1,288 SDRs for Checked and Unchecked Baggage where the Montreal Convention applies to your journey. In case of unchecked baggage, including personal items, the carrier is liable if the damage resulted from its fault or that of its servants or agents.

3) In no case shall Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. be liable for compensation exceeding the actual damage of passengers. Therefore, the passenger must prove the actual damage in all claims for damages.

H. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. is not liable for damage to a passenger’s baggage caused by property contained in the passenger’s baggage. Any passenger whose property caused damage to another passenger’s baggage or the property of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. shall indemnify Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. for all loses and expenses incurred by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. as a result thereof.

I. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. is not liable for loss, damage to, or delay in the delivery of electronics such as laptop computers, camcorders, cameras, mobile phones, MP3 players etc. and fragile or perishable articles, money, jewelry, silverware, negotiable papers, securities or other valuables, business documents or samples which are included in the passenger’s checked baggage, whether with or without the knowledge of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.

J. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. is not liable if and to the extent that the damage resulted from the inherent defect, quality, or vice of the baggage.

K. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. may refuse to accept any articles which do not constitute baggage as such item is defined herein, but if delivered to and received by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., such article shall be deemed to be within the baggage valuation and limit of liability, and shall be subject to the published rates and charges of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd..

L. When Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. issues a ticket or checks baggage for carriage over the lines of another carrier, Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. does so only as agent of such carrier. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. shall not be liable for the death, injury or delay of a passenger or the loss, damage or delay of unchecked baggage, not occurring on its own line; and Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. shall not be liable for the loss, damage, or delay of checked baggage not occurring on its own line, except that the passenger shall have a right of action for such loss, damage or delay on the terms herein provided against Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd., when Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. is the first carrier or the last carrier under the agreement to carry.

M. Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. shall not be liable in any event for any consequential or special damage arising from carriage subject to these Conditions of Carriage and applicable tariffs, whether Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. had knowledge that such damage might be incurred.

N. Any exclusion or limitation of liability of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. under these Conditions of Carriage and applicable tariffs shall apply to agents, servants or representatives of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. acting within the scope of their employment and also to any person whose aircraft is used by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. for carriage and his agent, servants or representatives acting within the scope of their employment.

4. Reasons for Claims or Actions

In the carriage of passenger and baggage, any action for damages, however founded, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, can only be brought subject to the conditions and limits set out in the Convention. However, the Convention shall not affect in determining the persons who have the right to bring suit and what are their respective rights



ARTICLE 17. TIME LIMITATIONS ON CLAIMS AND ACTIONS



1. Time Limitation on Claims

No actions shall lie in the case of damage to baggage unless the person entitled to delivery complains to an office of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. forthwith after the discovery of the damage or pilferage and at the latest within 7 days from the date of receipt; and, in the case of delay or loss, unless the complaint is made at the latest within 21 days from the date on which the baggage has been placed at his disposal.

2. Time Limitation on Action

Any right to damages against Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. shall be extinguished unless an action is brought within 2 years reckoned from the date of arrival at the destination, or from the date on which the aircraft ought to have arrived, or from the date on which the carriage stopped.



ARTICLE 18. OVERRIDING LAW



Insofar as any provision contained or referred to in the ticket or in the Conditions of Carriage or other applicable tariffs may be contrary to mandatory law, government regulations, orders or requirements, such provision shall remain applicable to the extent that it is not overridden thereby. The invalidity of any provision shall not affect any other part.



ARTICLE 19. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER



No agent, servant or representative of Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. has authority to alter, modify or waive any provision of the contract of carriage or of these Conditions of Carriage or other applicable tariffs.



ARTICLE 20. ORIGINAL COPY OF CONDITIONS OF CARRIAGE



These terms of Carriage may be published in English, and in the event of any inconsistency or conflict between Korean text and English text, the former shall prevail.



* Announced date : November,2025