General Conditions Of Carriage
For Domestic Passenger And Baggage
(Effective on May 16, 2025)

RULE 1. DEFINITIONS
As used in these conditions of carriage, terms shall be defined as follows

1. “Air seoul” refers to Air seoul Incorporated
2. “Domestic Passenger Carriage” (hereinafter referred to as “carriage”) represents, irrespective of whether performed for compensation or gratuitously, a carriage of passenger and his/her baggage(s) in which according to the contract of carriage the place of departure the place of destination and any other place(s) of landing are situated wholly within the territory of the Republic of Korea
3. “Flight tickets” are passenger and baggage claim or electronic tickets (e-tickets) issued by the carrier and include all terms and conditions, coupons that are part of the ticket.
4. Passenger coupon / passenger receipt: This is a part of flight ticket which can prove the contract of carriage with the passenger.
5. Flight Coupon : The coupon is a part of a flight ticket that specifies a specific section to be transported by the passenger, and is exchanged for a boarding pass when you check-in.
6. E-Ticket” means an electronic ticket confirmation (e-Ticket confirmation) and an electronic coupon issued by an airline or other airline electronic ticket issued on behalf of an airline.
7. " Electronic ticket confirmation (E-ticket confirmation, e-Ticket itinerary / Receipt)” is a document that identifies passengers' names, flight and notices for passengers who will use e-ticket (e-ticket) to take a plane.
8. " An electronic coupon” is a coupon which identify a specific segment to be transported by the passenger, or related information stored in the airline's database
9. " All freight charges and Fee” means the air fare, fuel surcharge, airport usage fee, and all charges set by Air Seoul for air transportation.
10.”Normal Fare” refers to the full fares, established by AirSeoul, applicable to the domestic carriage of passenger
11. “Special Fare” refers to the fares that allow over 50% discount from the normal fare.
12. " Baggage” means the passenger's goods, supplies and other personal items which is prepared from the passenger for comfort or convenience, and includes all checked and carry-on baggage unless otherwise specified.
13. "“Checked baggage” means a piece of baggage, surrendered by a passenger with a valid ticket, that AirSeoul has taken custody of and has issued a baggage check tag for.
14. " Unchecked baggage” means baggage carried and taken by a passenger and kept in cabin.
15. " Excess baggage” means baggage in excess of the free baggage allowance permitted by AirSeoul.
16. "“Baggage tag” means the portion of the ticket issued by the Carrier to confirm the carriage of a passenger’s checked baggage. It consists of a baggage identification tag attached to the checked baggage and a baggage claim tag handed over to the passenger.
17. " Excess baggage receipt” means a receipt issued by AirSeoul as documentary evidence that the relevant excessive baggage charge has been paid..
18. " Adult” means a passenger who is 13 years of age or over.
19. " Child” means a passenger who is 2 years of age or over but under 13 years of age.
20. " Infant” means a passenger who is under 2 years of age.
21. " Unaccompanied minor” means a passenger over the age of 5 years who is not accompanied together with their guardian or an adult passenger when they take a plane.
22.”Group Passengers” refer to a party of ten or more passengers traveling together at the same time,provided that the reservations of all the passengers have been applied for in advance at the same time.
23. " Cancellation penalty” is a charge imposed under the refund policy when the ticket is refunded.
24.”Noshow penalty” refers to the charge that applies to a passenger who does not use the reserved space without notifying the Airseoul a cancellation by the scheduled departure time, or fails to useconfirmed space after completing the check in procedures.
25. "Tariff” means the fare, rates and charges applicable to the carriage of passengers and baggage by AirSeoul and also includes the rules and procedures related to the carriage, which form part of carriage clause
26. " SDR (Special Drawing Right)” means the Special Drawing Rights defined by the International Monetary Fund. (hereinafter called “IMF”)
RULE 2. APPLICABILITY AND CHANGE OF CONDITIONS OF CARRIAGE
1. Nothing in these Conditions of Carriage and other applicable tariffs modifies or waives any provision of the Warsaw Convention and Warsaw Convention as amended at The Hague, 1955.

2. These carriage clause applies to all tasks related to the transportation of domestic scheduled flight, non-schedule flight's passenger and baggage performed by Air seoul

3. Where a special agreement is made regarding a certain article of these Conditions of Carriage, the special agreement shall have precedence over such article.

4. . The carriage of passengers and luggage is based on regulation that is subject to the Conditions of Carriage valid on the date of carriage commencement of passenger. However, the contents of the conditions of carriage which have changed negatively against passenger, after purchasing ticket, will be excluded from application.

5. With respect to gratuitous carriage, Airseoul reserves the right to exclude the application of all or any part of these conditions of carriage

6. Carriage of passengers and baggage performed pursuant to a charter agreement with Airseoul shall be preferably subject to such charter agreement, and any others not specifically provided in the charter agreement shall be subject to these Conditions of Carriage.

7. Code Shares

A. On some services Airseoul has arrangements with other carriers known as "Code Shares". This means that even if passengers have a reservation with Airseoul and hold a ticket where Airseoul’s name or airline designator code(RS) is indicated as the carrier, another carrier may operate the aircraft. If such arrangements apply Airseoul will advise passengers of the carrier operating the aircraft at the time passengers make a reservation.
B. All passengers and baggage carried on a Code Share flight Airseoul is indicated as the carrier shall be subject to the articles set forth in these Conditions of Carriage.
C. Notwithstanding Subparagraph B above, Airseoul Code Share partners may, in their discretion, apply different rules as to the following (including, but not limited to). In that case, Airseoul will advise passengers of the Airseoul Code Share partner's rules:
1) Check-in times and procedures
2) Carriage of passengers with connection flights
3) Lounge service
4) Carriage of unaccompanied children
5) Free baggage allowance
6) Excess baggage charge
7) Special-equipment
8) Carriage of animals
RULE 3 Publication of Conditions of Carriage
Passenger fares, charges and the Conditions of Carriage shall be made placed in branches or sales offices of Airseoul so that they are easily available to passengers.

RULE 4 Passenger’s Consent
A passenger shall be regarded as having consented to these Conditions of Carriage and the rules and regulations established thereunder by purchasing a ticket.

RULE 5 Applicable law and Jurisdiction
1. These Conditions of Carriage shall be construed in accordance with the law of the Republic of Korea, and to any other matter that is not provided for herein shall apply the applicable laws of the Republic of Korea.

2. Any action concerning the carriage performed pursuant to these Conditions of Carriage, whoever the person entitled to claim for damage is or whatever the basis for such claim is, shall be subject to the jurisdiction of courts of the Republic of Korea and the legal procedures of such action shall be in accordance with laws of the Republic of Korea.

RULE 6 INSTRUCTIONS BY CARRIER’S EMPLOYEE
A passenger shall observe the instruction or demand by Airseoul’s employee with regard to emplaning, deplaning and any other acts or conducts at the airport and on board the aircraft, and to loading, unloading and custody of baggage.

RULE 7 Schedule delays and cancellations of flights
1.Airseoul may change any schedule of a flight without any prior notice and shall not be responsible for any trouble with respect to connection of a passenger and/or his/her Baggage with any other flight because of such change. Provided that times shown in a timetable or elsewhere shall be just scheduled but not guaranteed and shall form no part of the contract of Carriage. Airseoul, moreover, shall not beresponsible for differ between time shown in a timetable and elsewhere.

2.Airseoul may, without notice, change the scheduled time of or cancel, suspend or terminate any flight change the place of departure or destination, make emergency landings, limit the number of passengers on board, unload all or part of loaded baggage, because of laws and regulations, government orders or request, strikes, labor disputes, weather condition, reason due to airports, flight connection, unforeseen maintenacne for safety, riots, civil commotion, wars, a natural disaster and any other circumstances beyond Airseoul’s control.

3. Airseoul may, without notice, substitute alternate carrier or aircraft.

4. If there is long delay at the airport, regarding to the laws and regulations of the city government, emergency measures by Airseoul are applied.

5.For any situation of the Paragraph 1 or Paragraph 2 of RULE 7, Airseoul contacts a passenger by post, e-mail, or SMS in order to notify the change of schedule of flight with responsibility. A passenger who gave his/her contact information to Airseoul would only be provided this notification. However, a passenger would not be notified by those methods as a flight departs in a very short time(30minutes), and just shall be informed by an airport notice. In the situation when a passenger does not accept change of schedule or Airseoul is not able to provide another aircraft to the point of the destination, Airseoul would not be liable for any damage caused as a result od the changes, except that Airseoul shall make refund for the applicable fare or charges for the unused portion of ticket in accordance with the provisions in Paragraph 4 and 5 of RULE 19.

RULE 8. ISSUANCE OF TICKET
If the passenger does not pay the scheduled fare or does not comply with Airseoul 's credit terms, Airseoul will not issue the ticket and carry it in any circumstances.

1. Issuance of Ticket
A. Airseoul shall issue a ticket when a passenger has paid the applicable fares and/or charges, or in compliance with the terms and conditions of transactions on credit separately set for by the Carrier.
B. Passengers are required to provide appropriate information necessary for issuing their tickets, such as name, gender, contact information, etc. for Airseoul.
RULE 9 Effectiveness of Ticket
1. A. Tickets can be used only by the person who owns the ticket, and cannot be used by another person. If the ticket is used by a person other than the named person, regardless of the person's recognition or consent, Airseoul is liable for the loss, damage or delay of the unauthorized person's death, injury or others.

2. Ticket shall be non-transferable.

3.. Airseoul shall not be liable to a passenger or any other party for any damage caused as a result of unauthorized use of a ticket by the passenger or as a result of false or incorrect information on the carriage document filled in by the passenger.

4. Tickets are valid only if they meet the conditions of carriage recorded in the database of Airseoul. Electronic tickets must be recorded and issued in Airseoul 's database in accordance with the regulations of Airseoul. If passenger does not show these electronic ticket, Airseoul can refuse the transportation

5. The ticket issued at a fare which limits the carriage to a specific period shall be good for passage only during such specific period and on the specific portion(s) to which the fare applies.

6. Booking Class on the flight coupon shall be the same as booking class in PNR(Passenger Name Record). If booking classes are different from each other, the passengers holding such a ticket can be denied boarding a flight or be allowed to board with charges

RULE 10 Period of Ticket Validity
1. Flight tickets are valid for one year from the commencement date of carriage of the passenger, unless it is specified in the fare rules. In case of unused tickets, it is valid for one year from the date of issuance that does not include the issue date.

2. An expired ticket shall not be used and the extension of the validity period shall not be permitted.

RULE 11 Applicability of Fares
1. Except that individually decided case, the fare and charges applicable to the carriage is deemed to be valid on the date specified on the ticket and on the day the fare is paid based on the itinerary. Airseoul can additionally collect or refund the difference, if paid fare is different from applicable fare to the carriage.

2. In the event of a voluntary change to the originating flight, the fares and charges for the passenger’s journey shall be recalculated in accordance with the fares and charges in effect on the date on which the change is made and is reflected on the ticket.

3. Applicable fares and charges apply only to carriage from the departure airport to the arriving airport.

4. Except as additionally provided in TARIFF, passengers can use a seat of the class which fare and charges are applied. If you reserve two seats in advance, we will collect double amount of the money that is the sum of applied fare and charge.

5. The service fee and charges collected by Airseoul from passengers, and other charges incurred from other reasons are applied to each passenger seats, and the airport fee will be applied to per passenger. It collects the money by adding the fare with fixed fare, plied fare and charge.

6. Payment of Fares and Charges

A. The payment of air freight charge and fare does not break against foreign exchange laws and government regulations. The fare can be used for any other currency other than currency that the fare is announced. Also, the International air Transport Association (IATA) currency regulation is based on currency used for the fare calculation time.
7. When we calculate the fare paid in Korean Won, the amount of less than 100 won will be appreciated.

8. The rate of exchange established by IATA will be used to convert the fare or charge into the selling currency unless otherwise provided in applicable tariffs.

9. Taxes and fees

A. VAT is collected by adding the fare and charges set by Airseoul under the VAT Act.
10. Taxes or levies which are from passengers by the government or airport managers will be collected in addition to the fare. Also, fees charged by Airseoul for the service, system and others are the same.

RULE 12 Free and Discounted Fares
1. An infant who is accompanied by an adult and does not occupy a separate seat shall be carried free of charge. In such case, one infant per one adult can board free of charge.

2. Notwithstanding Paragraph 1 above, an infant occupying a separate seat or any infant(s) in excess of one per accompanying adult shall be regarded as a child in applying the fares.

3. In case of exceeding 24 months based on the boarding date of the section, the passenger have to occupy a separate seat and the fare is collected for applicable child fare.

4. An individual passenger may be subject to a discount if he/she falls under a specific type of passengers separately stipulated by Airseoul or in accordance with the discount table defined by Airseoul; provided, however, that such passenger is required to prove to Airseoul that he/she is eligible for the discount before boarding. A discount cannot be applied retroactively after boarding

RULE 13 Reservations
1. A ticket will be valid for the flight(s) for which reservation(s) shall have been made, a passenger who wishes to change his ticketed reservation to another date or holding an unused open-date ticket or portion thereof or Miscellaneous Charges Order shall not be entitled to any preferential right with respect to the obtaining of reservations.

2. Conditions and Cancellation of Reservations

A. A reservation on a given flight is valid when a record of the reservation is reflected in Airseoul’s reservation system. Whenever a passenger fails to purchase a ticket for the reservation by the time fixed by Airseoul, Airseoul will cancel the reservations at any time without notice.
B. If the passenger does not use the reserved seat, Airseoul can cancel all reservations of the passenger
C. If the passenger does not arrive at the airport or departure point on time, Airseoul can cancel the reserved seat. Airseoul does not need to assume responsibility for damage and cost that is incurred by breaking against regulation from the passenger.
D. Airseoul may cancel a passenger’s reservation in the following cases,
1) Flight segments and boarding dates are the same;
2) Flight segments are the same and it is deemed impossible for the passenger to board all the reserved flights or;
3) It is deemed impossible for the passenger to board all the reserved flights for reasons other than specified in Clause “1” and “2” above.
E. A pre-allocated seat may be subject to change without prior notice for unavoidable reasons such as flight cancellation and delay. Airseoul shall not guarantee the allocation of specific seats on the aircraft. However, If a passenger has designated the seat using the pre-seating service, the regulation is not applicable to this case.
3. Fees or penalties

If a passenger tries to start the following journey after purchasing an airline ticket, a change fee or cancellation penalty will be imposed in accordance with Airseoul 's regulations respectively.

A. If you change the itinerary
B. In case of cancelling the confirmed flight,
C. In case it fails to confirm the cancellation prior to the flight check-in, take the confirmed flight and check-in after boarding procedures.
4. Personal Information

If there is a request from Airseoul or a governmental agency for reservation, ticket purchase, or other services, the passenger have to inform the personal information. For this purpose, the personal information that is provided to Airseoul can be sent to Airseoul branches and government agencies within the scope of this permission.

RULE 14 Re-routings
1. If the passenger change the date, flight or destination listed on the ticket, they have to request the change of ticket to purchasing location, such as the branch or sales office of Airseoul, prior to departure time of the flight It is possible to increase the tariff and charges if there is available seats.

2. . If the following conditions are met, Airseoul will issue new tickets by changing unused tickets, boarding coupons, destinations, fares or expiration dates at the request of the passenger.

1) When Airseoul first issued the ticket,
2) If Airseoul received approval of such change in document or computer form from the carrier who has the right to make the change.
3. When the re-routing results in a change of fare, the new fare and charges shall be calculated as provided in the applicable tariffs.

4.. The expiration date of the new ticket issued by the itinerary change will be applied identically with expiration date of the first ticket before the change of the itinerary.

5. Itinerary is changed because of Airseoul circumstances

A. If Airseoul cancels the flight, fails to operate the flight timetable due to intention or mistake of Airseoul, fails to arrive at the destination specified on the ticket, or does not provides confirmed seat in advance, Airseoul have to follow one of the following measures.

1) Airseoul transport passengers and baggage to destinations listed on the ticket that offer available seat.
2) Airseoul refund the fare and fee by request of the passenger under Paragraph 4 of Rule 19.
6. For passengers who changed their itinerary, because of the circumstances of Airseoul, the free baggage allowance of the class that is already paid from passenger will be applied.

7. If a carrier other than Airseoul fails to operate the scheduled flight timetable or if the passenger fails to board Airseoul connecting flight due to the change of the flight time, the carrier has to take necessary actions for the carriage of the passenger. However, Airseoul does not need to take any liability for the mistake of such connected flight.

8. Itinerary is changed because of irresistible force

Because of irresistible force, if Airseoul cancels the flight or does not operate normal flight timetable, Airseoul does will not bear any responsibility except for refunding the flight freight and charges for unused ticket.

RULE 15 Passenger’s Arrival at Airport
1. A passenger shall arrive at the airport sufficiently before the scheduled departure time of the flight on which he/she has a confirmed seat and then complete the check-in procedure by relevant authorities and the Carrier. Airseoul reserves the right to carry a passenger who fails to complete the check-in procedure at least 30 minutes before the scheduled departure time of the flight.

2. Airseoul may not delay the departure time of a flight to wait for a passenger who arrive at the airport late to complete the check-in procedure, and Airseoul shall not be liable to the passenger except for a refund in accordance with Paragraph 3 of Article 14 in these Conditions of Carriage.

RULE 16 Limitations of carriage
1. Refusal, Limitation of Carriage

A. Airseoul can refuse to transport passengers and baggage after informing them in writing or by electronic means that transportation service of the reserved flight, from passenger in accordance with reasonable judgment.
B. Airseoul can refuse carriage of passengers and baggage or take actions if the following facts occur or reasonably deemed to occur.
1) If the passenger does not comply with the request or orders from the government and Airseoul for the safety of life or property.
2) In case it is necessary to comply with government laws, regulations or orders.
3) Transportation of passengers or baggage has considerably negative impact on comfort, safety of passenger or crew and health.
4) If the mental and physical condition of the passenger, including damage caused by alcohol or drugs, is harmful to the passenger himself, others, crew and property, can cause danger.
5) If a passenger is involved in an unfair act (such as loud singing, drinking disturbances, use of other airline tickets, sexual harassment and etc, during travelling, and acts in violation of aircraft safety operations. Also if there is enough reasons that Airseoul can causes again these acts.
6) If it is predicted that Airseoul it caused a damage to Airseoul or obstructed the business of its employees, Airseoul informed the passenger in writing of the refusal of the carriage, or Airseoul reasonably judge such behavior.
7) If the passenger refuses to present the ID card required by Airseoul or its designated agent for the purpose of confirming that the passenger is the same as the holder of the ticket, or fails to prove their identification.
8) If passenger refuses security search for body or property.
9) If the passenger has illegally taken the ticket or has purchased it through Airseoul or designated agent, or ticket is lost, stolen and falsified.
10) When passengers shows a threatening, aggressive, abusive or insulting act, when they issue flight ticket or check in.
11) If it is regarded to use air traffic alone without assistance from a third party.
C. If the allowable payload of the aircraft is not enough, because of over-sales and Airseoul policy, Airseoul can voluntarily induce passengers to board the flight. Despite Airseoul’s efforts to minimize the non-voluntary delay from passenger, if there is no voluntary delay to board from passenger, the passengers who own the preferred airline tickets, the executives who own the travel tickets, and the passengers whose reservation has been confirmed are selected as delay of boarding. However, the disabled and pregnant women with infants are not selected as boarding delay and probationers for non-voluntary boarding have to be compensated in accordance with the Airseoul regulations based on consumer dispute resolution standards
D. If allowed load of aircraft is not enough imperatively unavoidable shortage of the aircrafts, as unforeseen reasons, Airseoul can select the minimum number of passengers or goods to meet the changed allowable payload. The executives who own the preferred airline ticket, the executives who own the travel ticket, and the passengers whose reservation has been confirmed are selected in order. However, the passengers who accompany infants, disabled persons, pregnant women, and etc. are not selected.
2. Conditional Acceptance for Carriage

A. If Airseoul regards that the age, mental or physical condition of the passenger may be harmful or dangerous to the passenger himself, Airseoul will not be liable for any injury, diseases, obstacles or other negatives effects including death, These condition will be taken under (TARIFF) and related regulations.
B. When transporting unaccompanied minor, disabled person, pregnant woman, sick person, or other assisted passenger, Airseoul tries to do every possible effort to offer necessary assistance as advised by the passenger, however the content of the assistance can be limited by aircraft facilities, related laws and regulations.
C. After the passenger has notified Airseoul of any special request for the disability and transportation, and the transportation cannot be refused, due to such disability and special request.
3. Transportation of Unaccompanied child and Infant

A. Child aged between 5 and 13 years who are not accompanied by passengers aged 18 years or over are permitted to transport under the following conditions only if they have agreed with Airseoul in advance
1) Only in the Airseoul transport segment ,
2) When making a reservation, make sure to submit a letter of commitment in writing, including the name, address and contact information of the parent or guardian,
3) The parent or guardian have to stay with the child from departure point until check-in,
4) Other conditions and fare regulations by Airseoul have to be followed.
B. Child under age 5 and infant cannot be allowed to transport under any circumstances unless accompanied by parent or guardian.
4. Transportation of infant

Infant passenger will not be provided seats separately.

5. Electronic Device

Airseoul may prohibit or limit the use of electronic devices (including but not limited to mobile phone, television, computer, recorder, radio, CD player, electronic games, electronically controlled toy and transmitting device) that can affect the safe operation of the aircraft.

6. Conducts Aboard Aircraft

A. If a passenger conducts himself/herself aboard the aircraft one of the following, Airseoul may take such measures as it deems necessary to prevent continuation of such conduct, including restraint. Such a passenger may be disembarked and refused onward carriage at any point, and may be prosecuted for offences committed on board the aircraft;
1) Ruckus behaviors like using abusive language, singing loudly
2) Smoking
3) Endangers to any person after drinking alcohol or drug consumption
4) Behavior that casue sexual humiliation to any person
5) Using electronics as violation of 「Civil aeronautics law」 Article 61(2)
6) Attempt to get in to flight deck without permission of Captain
7) Disturbance to Aircrew's work as using deceptive plan or power
8) Endangers the aircraft or any person or property on board
9) Behavior, except above actions, which would disturb the safety in flight operation judging by the Aircrew.
B. The passenger shall be liable for any damages incurred as result of any of the conducts referred to in Paragraph A above.
RULE 17 Unauthorized Passage
Where a passenger has been carried with an invalid or forged ticket, a ticket issued in the name of someone other than the passenger, or other passenger’s lost ticket, or carried at a special discount of fare falsely representing him/her as the eligible for the individual discounted fares established by Airseoul , such conducts shall be considered to constitute unauthorized passage and the passenger Shall be charged at least twice of the normal adult fare applicable to the portion of the involved passage.

RULE 18 Ground Transfer Service
1. Except as otherwise specified in applicable tariffs, Airseoul does not maintain, operate or provide ground transfer service within airports or between airport and downtown. Except where ground transfer service is directly operated by Airseoul, it is agreed that any such service is performed by independent operators who are not and shall not be deemed to be agents or servants of Airseoul. Anything done by an employee, agent or representative of Airseoul in assisting the passenger to make arrangements for such ground transfer service shall in no way make Airseoul liable for the acts or omissions of such an independent operator.

2. In cases where Airseoul maintains and operates for its passengers such ground transfer services, the terms, conditions, rules and regulations of Airseoul, including those stated or referred to in their tickets, baggage checks and baggage valuation agreements shall be deemed applicable to such ground transfer services. No portion of the fare shall be refundable in the event ground transfer services are not used.

RULE 19 Refund and Penalty
1. Refund for an unused ticket or portion thereof shall be made in accordance with the following provisions:

A. An application for refund shall be made during the period of validity of the ticket.
B. A person who requests a refund for an unused ticket must surrender to Airseoul or Agent where ticket has been purchased all flight coupon(s) and passenger coupon of the ticket. In the case of Electronic ticket, he/she must notify Airseoul office.
C. Except as provided below, refund will be made to the person named on the ticket or any other person whom Airseoul specially admits to be entitled to the refund.
1) Refund of tickets issued against a commercial credit card or debit card will be made only to the commercial credit card or debit card account of the person to whom such credit card or debit card had been issued
2) Refund of tickets issued against a Government Transportation Request will be made to the government agency which issued the Government Transportation Request
3) Airseoul refunds the ticket to the company when the company proves sufficient evidence that the company purchased a flight ticket on behalf of the passenger and refunded it to the passenger.
D. Refund made in accordance with this rule to a person named or designated in the document presented for refund will be a valid refund and Airseoul will not be liable to the true owner of the ticket for another refund.
2. Currency

All refunds will be subject to government laws, rules, regulations or orders of the country in which the ticket or Miscellaneous Charges Order was originally purchased and of the country in which the refund is being made. Subject to the foregoing provisions, refunds will normally be made in the currency in which the fare was paid, or in lawful currency of Korea or of the country where the refund is made or in the currency of the country in which the ticket or Miscellaneous Charges Order was purchased, in an amount equivalent to the amount due in the currency in which the fares were originally collected.

3. Refund due to passenger's circumstances

The amount of a voluntary refund will be as follows:

A. the deducted difference between the fare paid the applicable cancellation penalty if passengers have never used flight ticket.
B. If a part of the ticket is not used, there is deducted difference between the sum of the fare and the fare of the segment used in the fare and the applicable cancellation penalty.
4. Refund due to Airseoul circumstances

If Airseoul cancels flights, fails to operate due to deliberate or negligent of Airseoul, or fails to reach the destination specified on the passenger's ticket or does not offer pre-reserved seats, the refund, caused by these failure have to be calculated as follows. However the damage suffered by the customer due to reasons other than paragraph 1 of Article 7 and Article 16 have to be compensated in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations.

5. Refund due to irresistible force

If Airseoul cancelled the flight of failed to operate on timetable, because of irresistible reasons, Airseoul will refund the freight charges and fee for unused ticket

6. Refund charge shall be collected at each direction in case of paragraph 1 and 3 above.

7. As provided below, Refund charge will be waivered

1) Involuntary refund
2) Refund occurring purchase and refund through the office where a ticket issued at the same day
RULE 20 RESERVATION CANCELLATION AND NO-SHOW PENALTY
1. Cancellation of reservation by passengers

A. A passenger who wishes to cancel his/her confirmed seat must notify Airseoul of the cancellation before the scheduled departure time of the flight.
B. As a passenger fails to use his/her confirmed space without cancellation notice before the scheduled departure time of the flight, or a passenger does not take the flight after he/she completes the check in procedures, Airseoul will collect a no-show penalty at each direction.
C. As provided below, No-show penalty will be waivered
1) Involuntary cancellation
RULE 21 Carriage of Baggage
1. Carriage of baggage shall be subject to these Conditions of Carriage and other applicable tariffs in effect on the date of commencement of carriage covered by the first flight coupon of the ticket

2. Checked baggage will be carried on the same aircraft as the passenger unless such carriage is impracticable due to safety, security or other reasons, in which event Airseoul will carry the checked baggage on the next flight on which space is available.

3. Airseoul reserves the right to refuse acceptance of said baggage in the event that an individual attempts to check baggage after the allotted check-in time has passed.

4. Airseoul will not carry baggage until the passenger has paid all applicable charges or has complied with credit arrangements established by Airseoul

5. In principle, Airseoul will accept that passenger can take only their own baggage and may refuse to load or transport the goods requested by the third party other than the passenger themselves. Also, Airseoul can claim all damages suffered by them including claimant and the actual passenger

RULE 22 Inspection of Baggage
For reasons of safety and security, Airseoul has the right, but not the obligation, to verify in the presence of passenger the contents of his baggage, and in the case of unaccompanied baggage, to open and examine such baggage whether or not the passenger is present. The existence or exercise of such right shall not be construed as an agreement, expressed or implied, by Airseoul to carry such contents as would otherwise by precluded from carriage.

RULE 23 Prohibited Items in Carriage
Airseoul accepts transportation only for checked baggage properly packaged in each case or similar container so that it can be safely transported by customary handling methods, provided that the weight, shape, size and nature of the baggage. If it is deemed unsuitable, the baggage may be refused or transported before or during the carriage of the baggage, in whole or in part.

A. Items which are prohibited to be carried on the plane by the laws, regulations and orders of the country.
B. Items that are considered to cause danger and damage to aircraft, passengers or property.
C. Packaged items that are easily damaged during transport or are not sufficiently checked against damage or loss.
D. Money or securities, stamps, precious metals and jewelry, art and antiques, specimens, documents and other valuables.
RULE 24 Free Baggage Allowance
1. It is available to transport checked baggage with free of charge, if the baggage per person is a maximum of 15 kilograms and the sum of the three sides of baggage is the 203cm. However, maximum allowance amount can be changed based on the grade of Airseoul members or fare of the ticket purchased by the passenger. 

2. Unchecked baggage can be carried on aircraft with free of charge for a maximum of 10 kilograms per person and a total of 115 cm for 3 sides. However, it regards checked baggage when allowable amount is over-exceeded. In this case, the baggage can be freely transported under the condition that the passenger is responsible for keeping their baggage.

3. The free baggage allowance of the infant occupying the seat is depend on the fare purchased.

4. Infants that do not occupy a seat does not offer free checked baggage allowance. However, one of the fully foldable stroller, infant carrying cradle, or infant car seat can carried free of charge as checked baggage or unchecked baggage

5. One wheelchair or other assist devices used by uncomfortable passengers can be carried free of charge separately from the above free baggage allowance.

6. Free baggage allowance can vary depending on the type of carriage (regular or charter), items, etc., and can be limited by causes such as security and safety.

RULE 25 Unchecked Baggage
1. Other than the paragraph 2 of Rule 24, one of the following items can be allowed on the aircraft.

A. One laptop
B. One of handbag, cosmetic bag or briefcase
C. A small amount of reading materials
D. One of overcoat, wrap or blanket
E. A small camera and a pair of binoculars
F. Food to feed an infant in flight
G. An umbrella or a walking stick without sharp edge
H. A pair of crutches, braces or prosthetic arm or leg for the use of a physically handicapped passenger
2. Articles other than those listed above shall not be carried in cabin unless permitted otherwise by the applicable laws and regulations, government orders or rules and regulations of Airseoul.

3. Objects not suitable for transport in the cargo compartment (such as delicate musical instruments and the like) will only be accepted for transportation in the cabin compartment if due notice has been given in advance and permission granted by Airseoul. The transport of such objects may be charged for separately.

RULE 26 Handover of Checked Baggage
1. Airseoul types the number and weight of the checked baggage on the ticket or system, issue each claim baggage ticket, and give passenger claim baggage tag.

2. Checked baggage is handed over to the baggage holder only if the claim baggage tag issued by Airseoul is returned to the airline for his carriage.

3. Checked baggage have to be delivered to the destination listed on claim baggage tag, however that the passenger can only deliver at the point of departure, if passenger has special requests.

4. Airseoul regards the holder of the claim baggage tag as rightful person and delivers the baggage. At this time, Airseoul has no duty to check whether the holder of the claim baggage tag is the rightful owner or not. By not checking this, Airseoul is not liable for any direct or indirect loss.

5. If the baggage tag holder take baggage without the written formal objection, the baggage is deemed to be delivered normally in accordance with shipping terms and conditions.

RULE 27 Excess Baggage Charges
1. If passenger exceeds free checked baggage allowance, a separate charge will be imposed under the valid Airseoul regulations and procedures on the date of payment of the excess baggage charge.

2. . If the total dimensions and/or weight of a piece of luggage exceed Airseoul ‘s free baggage allowance, then an excess baggage charge may be assessed by Airseoul

3. In calculating the gross weight of excess baggage, the weight of less than one kilogram is not calculated.

4. Special baggage such as sports equipment is subject to a separate charge specified by Airseoul.

RULE 28 Refund of Excess Baggage Charges
1. If a passenger cancels the carriage of excess baggage before the check-in deadline, or do not take a reserved flight, the full amount of the excess baggage paid by the passenger will be refunded.

2. If a passenger cancels the carriage of the baggage after the deadline for the check-in, the excess baggage rate will not be refunded, except for the case where it fails to fulfill some or all requirements of transport with passenger.

RULE 29 Carriage of Specific Animals
1. . A guide dog accompanying a blind passenger or a hearing dog accompanying a deaf passenger shall be carried free of charge regardless of the permissible free baggage allowance of those passengers under the following conditions:

A. Such animal is traveling with a passenger and does not occupy a seat;
B. Such animal does not cause any discomfort to other passengers or disturb safe travel of other passengers;
C. If such animal falls ill, is injured or dies during the flight, the Carrier shall not be liable for any damage unless such damage is caused by the Carrier intentionally or negligently, and;
D. A passenger accompanying such animal shall be entirely liable for any damage to other passengers or properties caused by such animal.
2. Pets accompanied by a passenger may be carried as unchecked baggage under the following conditions:

A. Types of pets accepted for the carriage are limited to dogs, cats and household birds
B. A pet animal must travel in a separate container for the carriage and be loaded on an aircraft.
C. In case of a pet animal carried in accordance with this provision, excess baggage charge shall be separately imposed on the total weight of the animal and its container regardless of the passenger’s free baggage allowance.
RULE 30 Excess Value Charges
In principle, Airseoul shall not apply excess value charges. If a passenger wishes to declare excess value charges, his/her carriage may be refused.

RULE 31 Lost Baggage Tag
If a passenger has lost a baggage (claim) tag, the Carrier may hand over his/her baggage only under the condition that the person is deemed entitled for the baggage and will indemnify the Carrier against any damage as a result of such handover.

RULE 32 Disposal of Undelivered Baggage
In case baggage is unclaimed by a passenger within one week after its arrival, Airseoul may dispose of such baggage as deemed appropriate. Fish or other easily perishables may be disposed of if they are unclaimed within 48 hours after its arrival.

RULE 33 Scope of Liability
1. Airseoul takes only responsibility for damage caused by death and injury of passenger if the accident is caused on the aircraft or during the work to board and alight.

2. Airseoul is liable for the damage caused by the delay of the passenger. However, they can exempt from responsibility, if they can prove they did not take any all reasonably actions to avoid damage from themselves, its employee and agent.

3. Airseoul has to be liable for damages caused by the loss or damage of the checked baggage only if the cause of the damage has occurred on the aircraft or during the time when the checked baggage is under the control of Airseoul. However, if the damage is caused by inherent defects, special characteristics or hidden defects from checked baggage, Airseoul does not take responsibility for that.

4. Airseoul has to take only liability for the damage caused by the loss and damage of passenger baggage when these damage is caused by themselves, it employee or agent's mistake. However, when unchecked baggage is handled, the assistance from Airseoul’s employee to passengers is regarded as a service of respect for passengers.

5. Airseoul is liable for the damage caused by the delay of passenger baggage. However they can exempt from responsibility that it is proved it is impossible Airseoul has taken reasonable measures to prevent the damage.

6. Airseoul is not liable for any damage of passenger's baggage caused by the passenger's goods in baggage. Also, if the passenger impacts on causing damage to the property of Airseoul due to his/her own goods, passengers have to compensate all damage and cost to Airseoul.

7. Although Airseoul comply with these law, government regulation, orders or requirements, there is a direct and indirect damages incurred by passengers, because passenger did not follow these law and regulation. Therefore Airseoul does not need to take any responsibility for any damages incurred by passengers

8. Airseoul ‘sliability for compensating damages can be reduced or exempted, if it is proved that Airseoul contributed to the damage from negligence, other unlawful act and emission of claimant.

9. Airseoul will not be liable in any cases, regardless of damage, about any indirect or special damages and punished compensation arising from the terms and condition of the carriage

RULE 34 Notification of Partial Destruction or Damage to Checked Baggage
1. In case a passenger found a partial loss of or damage to checked baggage, he/she shall send a notice on the outline without delay in written or electronic form upon the receipt of checked baggage. However, if such loss or damage is something that cannot be found immediately, the passenger shall send such notice within seven days from the date of receipt of checked baggage.

2. In the event of a delay of checked baggage, a passenger shall raise a complaint at the latest within 21 days from the date on which the baggage has been placed at his/her disposal.

3. If there is no notice as Paragraph 1 above, it is considered that checked baggage has been handed over to a passenger without loss or damage. In case a loss or damage was done to checked baggage or such loss or damage is suspected, the Carrier and a passenger shall provide necessary convenience to each other for the inspection of checked baggage.

4. If there is not notice or complaint within the period aforesaid, no action shall lie against Airseoul by a passenger.

RULE 35 Scope of Compensation
1. For damage under Paragraph 1 of Rule 33 above not exceeding 128,821 SDRs for each passenger, Airseoul may not be exempted from or limit its liability.

2. . Airseoul shall not be liable for damage arising under Paragraph 1 of Article 31 to the extent that they exceed for each passenger 128,821 SDRs if the Carrier proves any of the followings

A. Such damage was not caused by negligence or other wrongful act or omission committed by Airseoul, its employees or agents, or
B. Such damage was caused only by negligence or other wrongful act or omission committed by a third party.
3. Airseoul’s liability under the paragraph 2 of Rule 33 is based on amount limit of 1,288 SDR per passenger. However, this liability will not apply to cases where it is proved that damages are caused by action recklessly or deliberately from Airseoul, its employee or agent.

4. Airseoul liability for compensating damages under the paragraph 3 and 5 of Rule 33 decided as limit amount of 1,288 SDR per passenger. However, if passenger declared the planned amount in advance, when they delivers the checked baggage to the carrier, the carrier have to be liable for paying the declared amount as long as the carrier does not prove that the declared amount exceeds the actual value at the arriving point of the checked baggage. This article does not apply to cases where it is proved that damage has been caused by a reckless act or omission, recognizing that there is a risk of loss or damage to the baggage as intention of Airseoul.

5. The liability of Airseoul shall not exceed the amount of real damage in any case.

6. In case part, not all, of checked baggage is handed over to a passenger, or if damage is done part, not all, of checked baggage, Airseoul shall be liable for only such undelivered or damaged portion of the baggage in accordance with these Conditions of Carriage and the rules and regulations

7. The place of any payment of damages in relation to the liability of Airseoul shall be the Republic of Korea.

8. The liability of Airseoul can be decreased or exempted, depending on mistake or other unlawful acts or omission that is proved to cause the loss, regarding to Airseoul’s liability for damages in these Conditions of Carriage, including the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Rule.

9. Conversion of the amount in SDR into the national currency shall be made according to the exchange rate of the currency applicable on the date of the final judgment by the court, in case of judicial proceedings. In cases other than judicial proceedings, the exchange rate of the currency applicable on the date when damages to be paid is agreed upon shall apply.

RULE 36 Passenger’s Liability
Any passenger who caused damage to Airseoul due to his/her negligence or willful misconduct or his failure to comply with these Conditions and rules thereunder shall be liable to Airseoul for such damage.

RULE 37 Lawsuit
All claims and rights to damages shall be extinguished if an action is not brought within a period of two years reckoned from the date of arrival at the destination or from the date on which the aircraft ought to have arrived, or from the date on which the carriage stopped, whichever occurred later, no matter who the claimant is.

RULE 38 Overriding law
Insofar as any provision contained or referred to in the ticket or in the Conditions of Carriage or other applicable tariffs may be contrary to mandatory law, government regulations, orders or requirements, such provision shall remain applicable to the extent that it is not overridden thereby. The invalidity of any provision shall not affect any other part.

RULE 39 Original Copies of Conditions of Carriage
The Conditions of Carriage for domestic passenger and baggage from Airseoul can be published in English, but the Korean version has to be preceded by English one.

RULE 40 Headings
Headings of each article in these Conditions of Carriage are for the purpose of reference only and shall not constitute a part of these Conditions of Carriage.