GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CARRIAGE FOR DOMESTIC PASSENGER AND BAGGAGE



CHAPTER 1 GENERAL



ARTICLE １. DEFINITIONS



1. “Aero K” stands for Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd.

2. “PASSENGER” means any person, except members of the crew, carried or to be carried in an aircraft pursuant to a ticket.

3. “DOMESTIC CARRIAGE” means irrespective of whether performed for compensation or gratuitously, a carriage in which, according to the contract of carriage, the place of departure, the place of destination and any other place(s) of landing are situated wholly within the territory of the Republic of Korea.

4. “CARRIER” means air carrier and includes the air carrier issuing the ticket and all air carriers that carry the passenger and/or his baggage thereunder, or perform or undertake any other services related to such air carriage.

5. “DESTINATION” means the ultimate stopping place according to the contract of carriage.

6. “TICKET” means a document (including an electronic ticket) issued by Aero K or the deputy designated by Aero K (hereafter referred to as “Agent”) in accordance with the Conditions of Carriage, which provides for the carriage of passenger on Aero K’s domestic route(s).

7. “All freight charges and Fee” means the air fare, fuel surcharge, airport usage fee, and all charges set by AeroK for air transportation.

8. “Fuel surcharge” means a charge to save the airline's additional costs for fuel price increases.

9. “Airport service charge” refers to the fee charged by a government authority or airport operator to collect from passengers.

10. “NORMAL FARE” means the (undiscounted) fare which AeroK applies to the carriage of passenger.

11. “BAGGAGE” means such articles, effects and other personal property of a passenger as are necessary or appropriate for wear, use, comfort or convenience in connection with his trip. Unless otherwise specified, it shall include both checked and unchecked baggage of the passenger.

12. “CHECKED BAGGAGE” means baggage which is surrendered with valid ticket, means baggage of which AeroK takes custody and for which AeroK has issued a baggage check and baggage (claim) tag(s).

13. “Unchecked Baggage” means baggage carried and taken by a passenger and kept in cabin.

14. “EXCESS BAGGAGE” means baggage in excess of the free baggage allowance permitted by the Carrier.

15. “BAGGAGE TAG” means a document issued by AeroK for the carriage of checked baggage as permitted by AeroK.

16. “EXCESS BAGGAGE TICKET” means a document (including an electronic ticket) issued by AeroK for the carriage of excess baggage. It is also a receipt issued by AeroK as documentary evidence that the relevant excessive baggage charge has been paid.

17. “MISCELLANEOUS CHARGES ORDER”, or in case of electronic environment, the Electronic Miscellaneous Document (EMD), means a document issued by a carrier or its agent, requesting issue of an appropriate passenger ticket and baggage check or provision of service to the person named in such document.

18. “ADULT” means a passenger who is 13 years of age or over at the time of commencement of travel.

19. “CHILD” means a passenger who is 2 years of age or over but under 13 years of age at the time of commencement of travel.

20. “INFANT” means a passenger who is under 2 years of age at the time of commencement of travel.

21. “Unaccompanied minor” means a passenger over the age of 5 years who is not accompanied together with their guardian or an adult passenger when they take a plane.

22. “Cancellation penalty” is a charge imposed under the refund policy when the ticket is refunded

23. “Check-in deadline” means the time defined by AeroK for a passenger to complete Check-in and receipt of Boarding Pass.

24. “TARIFF” means AeroK’s fares, rates and charges for carriage of passengers and baggage and related rules and regulations, which are made part of these Conditions of Carriage.

25. “Force majeure” refers to cases where it is inevitable due to special and unpredictable circumstances (such as weather conditions, airport and etc.) that AeroK cannot control.

26. “Damage” includes death, injury, delay, loss or other damage of whatsoever nature arising out of or in connection with carriage or other services performed by carrier incidental thereto.

27. “GROUP PASSENGERS” means a party of ten or more passengers travelling together over the same route(s) at the same time, provided that the reservation of all the passengers has been applied for in advance at the same time.

28. “SDR” means a Special Drawing Right as defined by the International Monetary Fund.

29. “Days” means calendar days, including Sundays and legal holidays; provided that for the purpose of notification, the day upon which the notice is dispatched shall not be counted; and that for purpose of determining duration of validity, the balance the day upon which the ticket is issued, or flight commenced shall not be counted.



ARTICLE 2. APPLICABILITY OF CONDITIONS OF CARRIAGE



1. These Conditions of Carriage applies to all tasks related to the transportation of domestic scheduled and charter flight's passenger, baggage performed by Aero K and all services incidental thereto performed by AeroK, except to the extent Aero K’s Conditions of Carriage for international Passenger and Baggage shall apply.

2. Whereas a special agreement is made regarding certain articles of these Conditions of Carriage, the special agreement shall have precedence over such articles.

3. The carriage of passenger and baggage shall be subject to these Conditions of Carriage and the rules and regulations in effect on the date of commencement of travel.

4. With respect to gratuitous carriage, Aero K shall reserve the right to exclude the application of all or part of these Conditions of Carriage. Yet, exclusion of applying these Conditions of Carriage cannot violate law, governmental regulation and order (including convention).

5. For Carriage of passengers and baggage performed by Aero K, charter agreement with Aero K take precedence over these Conditions of Carriage, and any others not specifically provided in the charter agreement shall be subject to these Conditions of Carriage.



ARTICLE ３. AMENDMENT OF CONDITIONS OF CARRIAGE AND OTHERS



These Conditions of Carriage and the rules and regulations established thereunder may be subject to change without prior notice due to revisions of laws and regulations, government guidelines, service improvements and for other reasons. If the foregoing amended Conditions of Carriage is unfavorable to customer, the original Conditions of Carriage may be applied.



ARTICLE ４. PUBLICATION



List of passenger fare and charges and the Conditions of Carriage shall be made placed in branches, sales offices, and website of Aero K so that they are accessible to the customers.



ARTICLE ５. PASSENGER’S CONSENT



1. By purchasing a ticket, it shall be assumed that a passenger has recognized and consented to the Conditions of Carriage and the rules and regulations established thereunder.

2. The passenger, by accepting carriage pursuant to a charter agreement as provided in Article 2; Clause 5, shall be regarded as having agreed to these Conditions of Carriage.



ARTICLE ６. APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION



1. The Conditions of Carriage shall be construed in accordance with the law of the Republic of Korea, and to any other matter that is not provided for herein shall apply the applicable laws of the Republic of Korea.

2. Any legal action concerning carriage performed pursuant to the Conditions of Carriage, whoever the person entitled to claim for damage is or whatever the basis for such claim is, shall be subject to the jurisdiction of courts of the Republic of Korea and the legal procedures of such action shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the Republic of Korea.



ARTICLE ７. INSTRUCTIONS BY Aero K’s EMPLOYEE



Passenger shall observe the instruction or demand by the employees of AeroK with regard to enplaning, deplaning and any other acts or conducts at the airport and on board, and to loading, unloading and custody of baggage.



ARTICLE ８. SCHEDULES, DELAYS AND CANCELLATION OF FLIGHTS



1. Schedules

A. The time shown in timetable or printed materials are estimated time and are not guaranteed, and form no part of the contract of carriage with Aero K. Schedules are subject to change without notice and Aero K is not liable for any incident or omission of flight connections and timetables or other schedule. Also, no employee, agent or representative of Aero K have binding force on any statements or representations as to the dates of departure or arrival, or of the operation of any flight.

B. When Aero K accepts any passenger’s booking, Aero K will notify scheduled departure time at the time of reservation to the passenger, which will be also shown on the issued ticket. The scheduled time of departure may change after ticket is issued, and Aero K will do its best to notify the passengers such changes through contact information provided by the passengers. In case the notice on the changes of the flight time has not been reached to passenger due to the causes attributable to the passenger, including but not limited to providing incorrect contact information or not providing updated contact information, Aero K shall not be liable for any losses or damages arose. If, AeroK makes a significant change to the scheduled flight time after the passenger purchased ticket, and if the passenger cannot accept the change and if Aero K is unable to provide acceptable alternative flight to the passenger, the passenger will be entitled to a refund in accordance with involuntary refund policy.

2. Delays and Cancellations

A. Aero K may substitute alternative carrier or aircraft without notice.

B. Aero K may cancel, terminate, divert, postpone or delay any flight, further right of carriage or reservation of traffic accommodations and determine if any departure or landing as below. In such case, Aero K is not liable to any responsibility, other than refund in accordance with these Conditions of Carriage the fare and charges for any unused portion of the ticket. However, in case of non-performance and delay of carriage owing to the intention or error of Aero K, Aero k shall indemnify pursuant to the standard specified in related regulation, tariffs and laws.

(1) Because of any fact that is beyond Aero K’s control (including, but not just limited to, meteorological conditions, natural disaster, force majeure, strikes, riots, civil commotions, embargoes, wars, hostilities, disturbances, or international dispute), which has already occurred, threatened or reported, or any delay, demand, condition, circumstances or requirement due, directly or indirectly, to such fact; or

(2) Because of any fact not to be foreseen, anticipated or predicted; or

(3) Because of laws, any government regulation, order, demand or requirement; or

(4) Because of shortage of labor, fuel or facilities, or labor difficulties of Aero K or others.

C. If the passenger refuses to pay all or part of the fare requested by Aero K or refuses to pay the requested fee for the baggage of the passenger, Aero K can cancel the carriage or the subsequent ticket of the passenger and baggage. In this case, Aero K will not be responsible for any other liability for refunding the fare by passengers in accordance with these Conditions of Carriage.

D. Except for the deliberate or negligent cases of Aero K, in any other cases provided for in Article 1 and 2 of this clause, Aero K will not be liable for any damages except the refund of applicable fares, if passenger did not get on board.



CHAPTER 2 PASSENGERS



ARTICLE ９. ISSUANCE OF TICKET



1. Aero K will issue a ticket when passenger paid the prescribed fare and/or charges, or has complied with all conditions for credit transaction established by Aero K.

2. Passengers should provide appropriate information to Aero K for issuance of ticket, which includes name, gender, contact information, date of birth, nationality, and others.



ARTICLE 10. VALIDITY OF TICKET



1. Tickets shall only be used as instructed or specified on the ticket. If stated matter on tickets have been deleted, modified or damaged in whole or in part by person other than Aero K staff or other designated person, tickets will be considered invalid unless Aero K recognizes its validity.

2. Ticket can only be used by the person whose name is stated on the ticket, and can not be transferred to others. If the ticket is used by a person other than the stated person, Aero K will not be liable for the loss, damage or delay of the unauthorized person's baggage and other belongings, and death or injury of the person, regardless of the person's recognition or consent.

3. Aero K shall not be liable to a passenger or any other party for any damage caused by improper or unauthorized use of a ticket, and false or incorrect information furnished by a passenger in ticket.

4. Tickets are valid only if they meet the conditions of carriage recorded in the database of Aero K. Electronic tickets must be recorded and issued based on Aero K's database in accordance with the regulations of Aero K. If passenger does not show such electronic ticket, Aero K can refuse the transportation.

5. The ticket issued at a fare which limits the carriage to a specific period shall be effective only for such specific period and on the specific leg which the fare applies.

6. Booking class on the flight ticket shall be the same as booking class in PNR(Passenger Name Record). If booking classes are different from each other, the passengers holding such ticket can be either denied from boarding or be allowed to board after paying the difference.



ARTICLE 11. PERIOD OF TICKET VALIDITY



Unless expiration date is separately specified in the fare rules, flight tickets are valid for 1 year from the date of carriage of each leg, and unused flight tickets are valid for 1 year from date of its issuance.



ARTICLE 12. PASSENGER FARES AND CHARGES



1. Except otherwise specified, the fare and charges applicable to the carriage is regarded to be valid on the date specified on the ticket and on the day the fare is paid based on the itinerary. If paid fare is different from applicable fare, Aero K can additionally collect or refund the difference.

2. In the event of a voluntary change to the originating flight, the fares and charges shall be recalculated in accordance with the fares and charges in effect on the date of change.

3. Unless specified by applied Tariff, passengers can use a seat of the class which fare and charges are applied.

4. The service fee and charges collected by Aero K from passengers, and other charges incurred from other reasons are applied to each passenger seats, and the airport fee will be applied per passenger. Such fee and charges will be collected by adding on to the ticket fare set by Aero K.

5. When collecting fares or charges, an amount less than 10WON shall be rounded off.

6. Unless otherwise provided in applicable tariffs, the exchange rate published by IATA will be applied to convert fare or charge.

7. Value-added tax will be applied to applicable fare and/or charge and collected from the passenger in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.

8. Applicable taxes, fees and charges imposed by government or by airport authorities will be collected in addition to the published fare and charges. The service charges, fees and other collectable charges due to the changes in any circumstances imposed by Aero K will be also collected in addition to the published fares and charges.



ARTICLE 13. FREE AND DISCOUNTED FARES



1. Provided that the infant does not occupy a seat, an infant accompanied by an adult in the same compartment shall be carried free of charge.

2. Notwithstanding Paragraph 1 above, a child fare will be applied to an infant occupying a seat or any infant(s) in excess of one per accompanying adult.

3. In case of the infant exceeding 24 months based on the boarding date of the section, the passenger must occupy a separate seat and the applicable child fare will be collected.

4. An individual passenger may apply for any discount from normal adult fare which Aero K operates for specific type of passengers. However, the passenger must prove that he/she is an eligible person for the discount before boarding, and any discount cannot be applied retroactively after boarding.



ARTICLE 14. RESERVATIONS AND ADVANCED SEAT SELECTION



1. The reservation for space on a given flight shall be valid only when specified on confirmed basis in the ticket. Passengers who intend to change the corresponding reservation or who intend to use an unused ticket for which a seat reservation has not been made are not entitled to priority in confirming the reservation. If the passenger fails to purchase a ticket by the time designated by Aero K, it will be considered that the passenger has no intention to get on board, and the reserved space will be cancelled.

2. If the passenger does not use the reserved seat, Aero K can cancel competent reservation of the passenger.

3. Aero K may change pre-assigned seat without any notice under unavoidable circumstances, such as cancellation, delay or change of flight. In such case, Aero K does not guarantee allocation of any seat of the aircraft.

4. If the passenger fails to arrive at the airport or other departure point, Aero K can cancel the reserved seat. Aero K will not be responsible for damage and cost incurred by passenger violating the regulation.

5. Reservation via Aero K website and customer service center is available until three hours prior to estimated departure time. Any reservation between three hours prior to departure time and boarding closing time can be made at the airport branch.

6. Aero K, at its own discretion, may cancel a part of the passenger’s reservations without notice to the passenger or its agent, if two or more seats are reserved for the passenger in the same reservation record, and if;

A. multiple reservations have identical flight segment and boarding date; if

B. it is reasonably considered that passenger cannot use all of the flights because the flight segments are identical, and if;

C. it is reasonably considered that the passenger cannot use all of the reserved flights for reasons other than specified in above Clause A and B.

7. The provisions in Paragraph 1 above shall not apply to a segment or a flight on which reservations are not provided, and Aero K will accept carriage of passengers and baggage in the order in which the passenger presents his/her ticket for boarding procedures at the airport of departure.

8. Group reservation will be received and processed on separate request basis.



ARTICLE 15. CANCELLATION OF RESERVATION AND FEES



Aero K may apply the certain amount of cancellation fee, which may differ based on the time when the passenger makes request for cancellation.



ARTICLE 16. RE-ROUTINGS



1. If the passenger wants to change the date or flight listed on the ticket, the passenger has to request change of ticket at the location of purchase, such as the branch or sales office of Aero K, prior to flight departure time. Change may be available, based on seat availability, and fare and charges may increase.

2. When the re-routing results in a change of fare, the new fare and charges shall be calculated as provided in the applicable tariffs.

3. Passenger can change flight number and date of flight listed on the ticket until three hours prior to estimated departure time at Aero K website.

4. In order to change passenger, flight leg, or destination, customer needs to cancel and re-purchase the ticket.

5. If change of itinerary is requested via Aero K airport branch and/or customer service center, service fee fixed by Aero K will be added and collected.

6. Change or cancellation fee will be exempted for the request that is made within 24 hours after purchase of the ticket. However, if purchased a ticket for a flight departing within 24 hours, change and cancellation fee is exempted until 3 hours prior to the departure time.

7. The expiration date of the new ticket issued by the itinerary change will be the expiration date of the ticket after the change of itinerary.

8. In the event that Aero K cancels the flight for reasons other than passenger’s request, intentionally or negligently fails to meet flight time schedule, do not arrive at the destination listed on the passenger’s ticket, or fails to provide previously confirmed seat of the passenger, Aero K will;

A. Carry the passenger and baggage to the point of destination on available flight of Aero K or other means of transportation; or

B. Change the date of travel, flight or itinerary upon request of the passenger; or

C. Issue a refund, upon request of the passenger, in accordance with the provisions in Paragraph 3 of ARTICLE 21.

9. For any passenger who changed itinerary due to any circumstances of Aero K, baggage allowance of the class that had been already paid by the passenger will be applied.

10. If a carrier other than Aero K fails to meet scheduled flight timetable or if the passenger fails to board Aero K's connecting flight due to the change of the previous flight operated by other carrier, the correspondent carrier has to take necessary actions for the carriage of the passenger, and Aero K will not be liable for such case.

11. If Aero K cancels the flight or does not operate according to the timetable due to force majeure, Aero K will not be responsible for any consequence, other than issue a refund for fare and charges of unused ticket.



ARTICLE 17. FEES



Aero K may impose change or cancelation fee in accordance with regulation of Aero K, if a passenger proceeds any of following after purchasing ticket:

A. If passenger changes the itinerary,

B. If passenger cancels confirmed reservation, and

C. If passenger fails to confirm the cancellation prior to the flight boarding time, does not get on board, or do not board after check-in.



ARTICLE 18. PASSENGER’S ARRIVAL AT AIRPORT



1. Passenger must arrive at airport in advance of the scheduled departure time of the flight on which a space has been confirmed and complete boarding procedures prescribed by Aero K and relevant regulatory. Aero K reserves the right to refuse carrying a passenger who fails to complete the check in procedures at least 20 minutes before the scheduled departure time of flight.

2. In no case shall Aero K delay the departure time of the flight to wait for a passenger who fails to arrive in time to complete boarding procedures, and Aero K shall not be liable to the passenger except for a refund, if any, in accordance with the provisions in Paragraph 2 of ARTICLE 21.



ARTICLE 19. REFUSAL AND LIMITATIONS OF CARRIAGE, ETC.



1. Rights to Refuse Carriage

A. After informing passenger in writing or by electronic means, Aero K can refuse to transport passenger and baggage, with reasonable judgement.

B. Aero K may refuse to transport passengers and baggage, or deboard, if any of the following have occurred or reasonably seemed to occur. For such actions, Aero K airline may also request additional documents or proof, such as identification or proof of purchase.

(1) If the passenger has failed to observe the safety and security instructions or requirements by the government authorities or Aero K;

(2) If needed to comply with any applicable government laws, regulations, or orders;

(3) If the carriage of passenger or baggage may endanger or harm health and safety, or significantly affect the comfort of passenger or flight crew;

(4) If mental or physical state of passenger, including the impairment from ingestion of alcohol or drugs, presents a hazard or risk to himself/herself, to other passenger, to crew, or to property;

(5) If the passenger has committed misconduct (brawling, alcohol disorder, using ticket of others, causing sexual humiliation) on a previous flight, and Aero K has reason to believe that such conduct may be repeated;

(6) If the passenger has received Aero K’s of the refusal of the carriage for damaging or impeding performance of Aero K employee’s duty, or amply sufficient to believe such conduct may be repeated;

(7) When the passenger is unable to present an identification card or other legally valid means of verification requested by Aero K Airlines Co., Ltd. for the latter to confirm that the individual is the rightful passenger named on the ticket, or if the passenger fails to prove his or her identity.

(8) If the passenger has refused body scanning or security check of property;

(9) If the passenger presents a ticket that has been acquired unlawfully, purchased from an entity other than Aero K or its authorized agent, or reported as being lost or stolen, or is a counterfeit;

(10) If the passenger shows a threatening, aggressive, abusive or insulting act, during issuance of flight ticket or check in process;

(11) If it is regarded that passenger cannot use air traffic alone without assistance from a third party.

C. If the aircraft capacity is insufficient due to over-sale or any causes attributable to Aero K, Aero K may voluntarily induce a deferred passenger. If involuntary denied boarding is inevitable, despite of Aero K ’s attempt to minimize the number of involuntary denied boarding passengers, Aero K may select the following passengers to be offloaded in following order: Aero K staff using preferential flight ticket, airline staff with business trip ticket, and passengers with confirmed tickets. However, passengers travelling with infants, incapacitated persons, pregnant passenger, passenger with illness or passengers who need special assistance are excluded from involuntary denied boarding list. Any disputes arising from this procedure may be settled according to Aero K’s regulation, which is conducted based on the Consumer dispute settlement regulation.

D. When load capacity of aircraft is reduced due to force majeure that Aero K is not liable, Aero K may select passenger or baggage to be offloaded in order to meet the allowed load of aircraft. In such case, Aero K will select the passengers to be offloaded in following sequence: airline staffs who are not directly relevant to flight operation, passengers who do not have confirmed tickets, and passengers with confirmed tickets. Passengers travelling with infants, incapacitated passengers, pregnant, passengers with illness or passengers who need special assistance are excluded from involuntary denied boarding list.

2. Conditional Acceptance of Carriage

A. Aero K will carry, subject to the applicable tariffs and the related regulations, a passenger whose status, age, or mental or physical condition may involve any hazard or risk to himself/herself, on the expressive condition that it will not be liable for any injury, illness or disability or any aggravation or consequences thereof, including death, caused by such status, age, or mental or physical condition.

B. Incapacitated persons, pregnant women, passengers with illness or passengers who need special assistance shall notify Aero K in advance of carriage and Aero K shall try its best to assist such passengers. However, assisting carriage of such passengers may be limited due to any applicable laws, regulations or orders, aircraft facilities, and others.

C. After Aero K accepted any special requirements requested by the passenger with disabilities in advance, Aero K shall not subsequently refuse carriage of the passenger on the basis of such disability or special requirement.

3. Transportation of Unaccompanied child and Infant

A. Child aged between 5 and 13 years, who are not accompanied by passengers aged 18 years or over, are permitted to transport under the following conditions, only if they have agreed with Aero K in advance. However, carriage can be restricted for certain period by circumstances.

1) Carriage limited to segment operated by Aero K,

2) Letter shall be submitted, committing that parents or guardian will make appearance at the departing and arrival airport, with the name, address and contact information of the parent or guardian provided,

3) The parent or guardian must stay with the child from departure point until check-in at the departing airport,

4) Have to comply with other conditions and fare regulations set by Aero K.

B. An unaccompanied infant or child under age of 5 are not allowed to be carried under any circumstances.

C. A separate seat will not be provided to an infant passenger.

4. Conducts Aboard Aircraft

A. If a passenger conducts himself/herself aboard the aircraft one of the following, Aero K may take such measures as it deems necessary to prevent continuation of such conduct, including restraint. Such passenger may be disembarked and refused onward carriage at any point, and may be prosecuted for offences committed on board;

(1) If the passenger endangers the aircraft or any person or property on board;

(2) If the passenger fails to comply with any instructions or requirements of the crew, including but not limited to those with respect to smoking, alcohol or drug consumption;

(3) If the passenger behaves in a manner which causes discomfort, inconvenience, damage or injury to other passengers or the crew;

(4) If the passenger causes sexual humiliation of other passengers;

(5) If the passenger uses electronic devices in violation of Aviation safety law;

(6) If the passenger tries to enter the cockpit without consent of the captain;

(7) If the passenger interferes with legitimate business of staff, such as captain, by hierarchy or power.

B. The passenger shall be liable for any damage incurred as result of any conducts referred in Paragraph A.

5. Electronic Devices

Aero K may forbid or limit electronic equipment that can affect safe operation of aircraft, including but not limited to, cellular phone, portable televisions, laptop computer, portable recorder, portable radio, CD player, electronic gaming device, electronically controlled toy, and transmitting device.



ARTICLE 20. UNAUTHORIZED PASSAGE



1. If the passenger gets on board with invalid or forged ticket, ticket issued in the name of someone other than the passenger, or other lost ticket issued to other person, or if the passenger has been carried at a special discounted fare by falsely representing oneself as the eligible for a special fare established by Aero K, Aero K will consider such action as illicit act of passage.

2. To illicitly boarded passenger, Aero K can impose at lease twice of the published fare applied to the flight segment.



ARTICLE 21. REFUNDS



1. In case Aero K has to refund unused ticket from the passenger, except lost tickets, below conditions shall be complied.

A. The passenger must apply for a refund before 30 days from the expiration date of the ticket. If the passenger applies for a refund after valid date, Aero K can refuse applied refund.

B. The person requesting refund for unused ticket must declare his/her intention for the refund to where ticket had been purchased, including Aero K’s offices, branch or the travel agency.

C. Refund will be made to the person named on the ticket or any other person whom Aero K admits to be entitled for the refund. Refund of the ticket paid with a credit card or debit card will be made only to the card used for the purchase.

D. A refund made pursuant to this provision to a person named or designated in the document submitted for the refund shall be a valid refund, and afterwards Aero K shall not be liable to a person who truly holds the right for another refund.

E. Refund will be made to the person on the ticket, except for cases provided below.

1) In case a purchaser designated a person who will get the refunds in time of purchase and notified to Aero K, the refund shall be made to the designated person.

2) If sufficient evidence a company, other than Aero K, proves that the company purchased a flight ticket on behalf of the passenger and refunded it to the passenger, Aero K will provide refund to the company.

F. All refunds will be subject to government laws, rules, regulations or orders of the country where the ticket was originally purchased and of the country where the refund is done. Subject to the foregoing provisions, refunds will be made in the currency in which the fare was paid, or in lawful currency of Korea or of the country where the refund is made or in the currency of the country where the ticket was purchased, in an amount equivalent to the amount due in the currency in which the fares were originally collected.

2. Refund due to passenger's circumstances

If passengers have never used flight ticket, the deducted difference between the fare paid and the applicable cancellation fee under Article15 will be refunded. In case of partially used ticket, fare and the applicable cancellation penalty of the used segment will be deducted and refunded.

3. Involuntary Refunds

For any cancellation of flight, failure to provide confirmed space of passenger, miscarrying of connecting flight, delays or postpone of scheduled departure time of the flight, omittance of a scheduled airport of a call, or occurrence of any cause listed on Article 8 and Article 19 of these Conditions of Carriage due to circumstance of Aero K. Aero K shall indemnify passenger for the loss caused by the reasons except as specified in Article 8. A and Article 19, in accordance with the Consumer Dispute Resolution standards of the Fair Trade Commission.

A. The full amount of fare and fee paid by the passenger shall be refunded in case of entirely unused ticket.

B. In the event that the flight is interrupted after commencement of travel at a point between the point of departure and the point of stopover or destination as specified in the passenger’s ticket, the amount of fare and fee in effect on the date of flight cancellation between the cancellation point and the point of stopover or destination shall be refunded.



ARTICLE 22. GROUND TRANSFER SERVICE



1. Except as otherwise provided in applicable tariffs, Aero K does not maintain, operate or provide ground transfer service within airports or between airport and downtown. Except where ground transfer service is directly operated by Aero K, it is deemed that such service performed by independent operators shall not be deemed to be agents or deputies of Aero K. Any actions taken by an employee, agent or representative of Aero K in assisting the passenger to make arrangements for such ground transfer service shall in no way make Aero K liable for the acts or omissions of such independent operator.

2. In cases where Aero K maintains and operates ground transfer services for its passengers, the terms, conditions, rules and regulations of Aero K, including those stated or referred to in their tickets, baggage checks and baggage valuation agreements shall be deemed applicable to such ground transfer services. No portion of the fare shall be refundable in the event ground transfer services are not used.



CHAPTER 3 BAGGAGE



ARTICLE 23. CARRIAGE OF BAGGAGE



1. Aero K will accept and carry baggage when baggage is presented with a valid ticket at the airport office or Aero K, in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions of Carriage.

2. Carriage of baggage shall be subject to these Conditions of Carriage and other applicable tariffs in effect on the date of commencement of carriage covered by the first flight of the ticket.

3. Checked baggage will be carried on the same aircraft as the passenger unless such carriage is impracticable due to excess of allowed capacity, safety, security or other reasons, in which event Aero K will carry the checked baggage on the next flight with space availability.

4. Aero K reserves the right to refuse acceptance of the baggage when passenger attempts to check baggage after check-in time of the flight has passed.

5. Aero K reserves the right to refuse carriage of the baggage until the passenger pays applicable charges or comply with credit arrangements established by Aero K.

6. In principle, Aero K will only accept baggage owned by the passenger and may refuse to load or transport the goods requested by the third party other than the passenger oneself. Also, Aero K can claim all damages arouse by such carriage to the passenger or a person requested to transport.



ARTICLE 24. INSPECTION OF BAGGAGE



For safety and security, Aero K has right to verify the contents of passenger’s baggage, in the presence of passenger or a third party designated by the passenger. In case of the unaccompanied baggage, Aero K has right to open and examine such baggage whether or not the passenger is present. However, However, it is not necessarily obligated to check all baggage, and the retention or exercise of such rights shall not be construed as an indication or agreement that Aero K will transport the contents to be refused for carriage pursuant to the Conditions of Carriage and regulations.



ARTICLE 25. PROHIBITED ITEMS IN CARRIAGE



Aero K will only transport checked baggage suitably packaged in a case or similar container for each items, so that it can be safely transported by the general handling method. However, if the weight, shape, size, and character of the baggage are judged to be unsuitable for transport, the carriage of all or part of the baggage may be refused before departure or during transportation, and the following items cannot be included in the baggage:

A. Items which are prohibited to be carried on the aircraft by the laws, regulations and orders of the country;

B. Items that are considered to cause danger and damage to aircraft, passengers or property;

C. Packaged items that can be easily damaged during transport or are not sufficiently packaged against damage or loss;

D. Money or securities, stamps, precious metals and jewelry, art and antiques, specimens, documents and other valuables.



ARTICLE 26. FREE BAGGAGE ALLOWANCE



1. Passengers paying applicable normal fare shall be granted the free baggage allowance of 15kg (33 pounds) as checked baggage.

2. Passenger paying applicable normal fare may carry one baggage, which sum of three sides of the baggage being no more than 115 cm (maximum of each side being 40cm in width, 20cm in height, and 55cm in height) and weight of not more than 8kg, suitable for placing in closed overhead bin or under passenger seat in the passenger’s custody. In such case, baggage will be transported free of charge, under the condition that the passenger carries it on board, keeps it, and takes responsibility. However, if the baggage exceeds the above allowance, it will be handled and transported as checked baggage.

3. Infant baggage may be transported free of charge as checked baggage or carry-on baggage, provided only one of a fully foldable stroller or infant car seat is available. Checked baggage is limited to a maximum of 32 kg and the sum of the three sides shall be less than 203 cm. In addition, it can be carried on board as carry-on baggage only if it meets the carry-on baggage allowance standards.

4. The ARTICLE 26 will not apply to the infant specified in Paragraph 1 of ARTICLE 13. One fully foldable stroller or infant car seat may be carried as carry-on or checked baggage.

5. One wheelchair or other assist devices used by uncomfortable passengers can be carried free of charge separately from the above free baggage allowance.

6. Free baggage allowance can vary depending on the type of operation (regular or charter), type of items and other reasons and can be limited by security and safety reasons.



ARTICLE 27. ARTICLES CARRIED IN CABIN



1. Other than carry on-baggage items listed on the paragraph 2 of ARTICLE 26, one of the items listed below may be carried in cabin by passenger when retained in the passenger’s custody. However, items other than the listed below may not be carried on board unless otherwise permitted by applicable laws, governmental orders, or regulations of Aero K.

A. A notebook computer

B. A handbag, cosmetic bag or briefcase

C. Books

D. An overcoat, blanket or wrap

E. A miniature camera, binoculars

F. Food to feed an infant in flight

G. An umbrella/stick without sharp edge

H. A pair of crutches, braces or prosthetic arm or leg for the use of a physically handicapped passenger

2. Objects, such as musical instruments or valuables, that are not suitable for loading in the cargo compartment can be transported by occupying a seat. Baggage occupying seat must be applied for carriage in advance and approved by Aero K at the time of reservation, and a separate fee for occupying the seat will be imposed. However, the transport service may be restricted for a specific period due to airline circumstances.



ARTICLE 28. EXCESS BAGGAGE FEE



1. If free baggage allowance of the passenger, prescribed in Article 26, exceeds, a separate fee will be charged in accordance with rules in effect on the day set by Aero K and shall be paid.

2. For baggage within the free baggage allowance, excess baggage charges may be imposed if the quantity, size and weight of the baggage exceed the standard prescribed by Aero K.

3. When calculating the total weight of excess baggage, weight less than 1 kilogram and over 0.5 kilograms are rounded up to 1 kilogram, and weight less than 0.5 kilograms are rounded off.

4. Special baggage such as sports equipment is subject to separate fee prescribed by Aero K.



ARTICLE 29. REFUND OF EXCESS BAGGAGE CHARGES



1. If all or part of the carriage is canceled due to the circumstances of the airline, or if the passenger cancels the reservation or carriage of excess baggage up to 24 hours before the departure time, the full amount of the excess baggage fee paid by the passenger will be refunded.

2. Excess baggage purchased in advance by a passenger through the website or call center will not be refunded within 24 hours from the flight departure time. However, if part or all of the carriage contract with the passenger has not been fulfilled due to reasons other than passenger circumstances, excess baggage fee can be refunded. If the passenger purchases excess baggage at the airport on the date of flight, excess baggage purchased can be refunded before check-in closes.

3. In case of bundle purchase, seperate refund policy set by Aero K will be applied.



ARTICLE 30. EXCESS VALUE CHARGES



In principle, Aero K shall not apply excess value charges. If a passenger wishes to declare excess value charges, carriage may be refused.



ARTICLE 31. DELIVERY OF CHECKED BAGGAGE



1. When taking checked baggage, Aero K will enter number and weight of checked baggage on the ticket or in the system, issue a baggage tag for each baggage, and deliver the baggage claim tag to the passenger.

2. Checked baggage is handed over to the baggage holder only if the claim baggage tag issued by Aero K is returned to the airline for the carriage.

3. Checked baggage will be delivered to the destination indicated on the baggage tag. However, upon request from the customer, Aero K may deliver checked baggage at the place of departure.

4. Aero K will consider the holder of the baggage tag to be the legitimate right holder of the baggage and will deliver the baggage. Aero K is not obligated to verify that the holder of the baggage claim tag is a legitimate right holder, and is not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from failure to verify.

5. If the baggage claim holder accepts the baggage without a written objection at the time of delivery, the baggage shall be deemed to have been delivered normally in accordance with the contract of carriage in good condition.



ARTICLE 32. LOST BAGGAGE TAG



If a passenger has lost a baggage claim tag, the Aero K may hand over the baggage only under the condition that the person is deemed entitled for the baggage and will indemnify Aero K against any damage as a result of such handover.



ARTICLE 33. DISPOSAL OF UNDELIVERED BAGGAGE



In the event that baggage is unclaimed within one week after its arrival at the destination, Aero K may dispose of the baggage. Yet, unclaimed fish or other perishables may be disposed within 48 hours after its arrival at the destination.



ARTICLE 34. CARRIAGE OF SPECIAL ANIMALS



1. In addition to passenger’s free baggage allowance, guide dogs for the visually impaired or assistance dogs for the hearing impaired are carried free of charge as carry-on baggage subject to the conditions below;

A. Such animal shall be accompanied by a passenger and must not occupy a separate seat;

B. Such animal shall not cause discomfort to other passengers or hinder safe operation;

C. In the case of disease, injury or death of the animal during the transport, Aero K shall not be liable, unless the damage is caused by the intention or negligence of Aero K;

D. The passenger accompanying such animal shall be liable for any damage to other passenger or property caused by the animal

2. Pets accompanied by passengers may be transported as carry-on baggage subject to the following conditions. However, the transport service may be restricted for a specific period due to airline circumstances

A. Pet(s) accepted for carriage shall be limited to small dogs, cats and birds.

B. The pet must be retained in a separate container at the time of delivery for carriage and during the flight; and

C. The total weight of pets accepted for carriage pursuant to this paragraph are not included in passenger's free baggage allowance, and excess baggage charges shall be separately collected for the animals and its containers in accordance with Aero K regulations.



CHAPTER 4 LIABILITY FOR PASSENGER CARRIAGE



ARTICLE 35. LIABILITY FOR PASSENGER CARRIAGE



1. Aero K shall be liable for damage resulting from the death or injury of a passenger only if the accident is occurred on the aircraft or during boarding process.

2. Aero K may not exempt or limit liability for damages up to 128,821 SDR per passenger among the damages referred to in paragraph 1.

3. Aero K shall not be liable for compensation for any damages exceeding 128,821 SDR per passenger if any of the followings are proven;

A. Such damage was not caused by the negligence, any wrongful act or omission of Aero K or its agents; or

B. Such damage was solely due to the negligence or other wrongful act of omission of a third party.

4. Aero K is liable for damages caused by operation delays. However, if Aero K proves that all required measures have been reasonably taken to prevent damage or that it was impossible to take such measures, Aero K shall be exempted from the liability.

5. Aero K shall be liable for loss or damage of checked baggage only if such loss or damage was occurred on the aircraft or during the period under the control of Aero K. However, if the damage is caused by inherent defects, special properties, or hidden defects of the checked baggage, Aero K shall not be liable for the damage.

6. Aero K is liable for loss or damage to carry-on baggage only if the damages are caused by the intentional negligence of Aero K or its agents. However, assistance from Aero K staff to passengers in the process of handling carry-on baggage is regarded as a courtesy service for passengers.

7. Aero K is liable for damage caused by delay in transport of baggage. However, if Aero K and its agents have taken all measures reasonably required to prevent damage or proved that it was impossible to take such measures, the liability shall be waived.

8. Aero K is not liable for any damage to the passenger's baggage caused by the contents of the passenger's own baggage. If a passenger causes damage to the baggage of other passengers or to property of Aero K due to his or her own goods, the passenger shall compensate Aero K for all losses and expenses incurred.

9. Aero K's liability for damages pursuant to Article 35 (5) and (7) shall not exceed the limit specified in the Commercial Act (1,288 SDR per passenger), and depreciation will be applied when indemnifying. In any case, however, liability of Aero K shall not exceed the actual price of the baggage concerned. This provision does not apply to cases where it is proved that damage has occurred due to reckless acts or omissions, recognizing that there is a risk of loss, damage, or delay in transport of baggage by Aero K or its agents.

10. Aero K's liability for damages under Paragraph 4 shall not exceed the limit specified in the Korean Commercial Act (1,000 SDR per passenger). However, this does not apply if it is proved that the damage has been caused by a intentional reckless act or omission by Aero K or its agents knowing that there is a risk of delay.

11. Despite the fact that Aero K has complied with laws, government regulations, orders or requirements, if the passenger fails to comply, Aero K will not be liable for any damages directly or indirectly caused by for any reasons.

12. In the case of delivering part but not all of the checked baggage to the passenger, or in case of damage to part of the checked baggage, Aero K shall comply with these Conditions of Carriage and related regulations, and be only responsible for the undelivered or damaged part, regardless of the price of the contents of the checked baggage.

13. Where Aero K is found liable for any damage under the above provisions, the indemnification shall be done at the Republic of Korea.

14. If proven that claimant of indemnification conducted negligence, other illegal act or omission of the claimant for damages and caused or contributed to the damage in relation to Aero K's liability for damages set forth in this Chapter, Aero K can be exempted from the liability according to the degree to which the damage has been caused or contributed to the damage.

15. In case of litigation, the exchange rate of SDR shall be based on the exchange rate in effect on the date of judgment of the final court, and in cases other than litigation, the exchange rate applied will be the rate in effect on the date of agreement.

16. Passengers must provide all information required by Korean laws and regulations to Aero K , and Aero K may submit information provided by passengers to government agencies for compliance with laws and regulations. If the information provided is not valid due to the negligence or intention of the passenger, the final responsibility lies with the passenger, and Aero K will not be liable. If a passenger causes damages to Aero K by failing to comply with these conditions, the passenger shall compensate Aero K for the damages.



ARTICLE 36. THE LIMITATION ON CLAIMS WITH RESPECT TO BAGGAGE



1. When a passenger discovers that the checked baggage is partially lost or damaged after receiving the checked baggage, a notice shall be immediately sent to Aero K in writing or electronically about the summary. However, if the loss or damage cannot be found immediately, the notification shall be sent within 7 days from the date of receipt of the checked baggage.

2. In the case of delay, the complaint must be made at the latest within twenty-one days from the date on which the baggage has been placed at his or her disposal.

3. If there is no such notice of Paragraph 1 or complaint of Paragraph 2, it is presumed that the checked baggage has been delivered to a passenger without loss or damage.

4. If no notice or complaint is made within the times aforesaid, the passenger cannot file a complaint against Aero K.



ARTICLE 37. PASSENGER’S LIABILITY TO AERO K



The Passenger shall compensate Aero K for any damage that is caused by intentional or negligence, or by failing to comply with these Conditions of Carriage and the regulations stipulated therein.



ARTICLE 38. TIME LIMITATION ON ACTIONS



Any right to bring a lawsuit against Aero K shall be revoked if an action is not brought within 2 years from the latest day of the following days: the day of arrival at the destination, the date on which the aircraft ought to have arrived, or the date on which the carriage stopped.



ARTICLE 39. OVERRIDING LAW



In the event of a violation of laws, government regulations, orders or requirements of the tickets, these Conditions of Carriage, or any other applicable Tariff, these Regulations shall remain in force to the extent that they do not conflict any affiliated regulations. Invalidation of any provision does not affect other provisions.



ARTICLE 40. ORIGINAL COPIES OF CONDITIONS OF CARRIAGE



The original copies of Aero K’s Conditions of Carriage for Domestic Passenger and Baggage shall be those published in Korean.





ARTICLE 41. HEADINGS



Headings of each ARTICLE in this Conditions of Carriage are for the purpose of reference only and shall not be constitute a part of this Conditions of Carriage.



* Announced date: November, 2025