25 MAY 2022



Chapter 1 General

 

Article 1. Definition 

Terms used in these conditions of carriage shall be defined as follows; 



1. “JEJUAIR” means Jeju air, Incorporated. 



2. “Passenger” means any person, except members of the crew, carried or to be carried in an aircraft with the consent of Carrier.



3. “Carriage” which is equivalent to transportation, means carriage of passenger and/or baggage by air, gratuitously or for reward. 



4. “Carrier” means an air carrier that also includes the carrier that can issues a ticket and  is obliged to carry passengers or their baggage under this ticket or to perform related other services for air carrier.



5. “Flight tickets” are passenger and baggage claim or electronic tickets (e-tickets) issued by the carrier and include all terms and conditions, coupons that are part of the ticket. 

A. Composition of passenger ticket

1) Flight Coupon: The coupon is a part of a flight ticket that specifies a specific section to be transported by the passenger, and is exchanged for a boarding pass when you check-in.

2) Passenger coupon / passenger receipt: This is a part of flight ticket which can prove the contract of carriage with the passenger.



6. "E-Ticket” means an electronic ticket confirmation (e-Ticket confirmation) and an electronic coupon issued by an airline or other airline electronic ticket issued on behalf of an airline. 



7. " Electronic ticket confirmation (E-ticket confirmation, e-Ticket itinerary / Receipt)” is a document that identifies passengers' names, flight and notices for passengers who will use e-ticket (e-ticket) to take a plane.



8. "An electronic coupon” is a coupon which identify a specific segment to be transported by the passenger, or related information stored in the airline's database.



9. "All freight charges and Fee” means the air fare, fuel surcharge, airport usage fee, and all charges set by JEJUAIR for air transportation.



10. " A fuel surcharge” is a charge to save the airline's additional costs for fuel price increases.



11. “Airport service charge” means service fees charged by the government authorities or the airport authorities and collected by the Carrier.



12. "The published fare is a discounted fare set by JEJUAIR for air transportation.



13. "Baggage” means the passenger's goods, supplies and other personal items which is prepared from the passenger for comfort or convenience, and includes all checked and carry-on baggage unless otherwise specified.



14. “Checked baggage” means a piece of baggage, surrendered by a passenger with a valid ticket, that JEJUAIR has taken custody of and has issued a baggage check tag for. 



15. “Unchecked baggage” means baggage carried and taken by a passenger and kept in cabin. 



16. “Excess baggage” means baggage in excess of the free baggage allowance permitted by JEJUAIR.



17. “Baggage tag” means the portion of the ticket issued by the Carrier to confirm the carriage of a passenger’s checked baggage. It consists of a baggage identification tag attached to the checked baggage and a baggage claim tag handed over to the passenger.



18. “Excess baggage receipt” means a receipt issued by JEJUAIR as documentary evidence that the relevant excessive baggage charge has been paid.



19. “Adult” means a passenger who is 13 years of age or over.



20. “Child” means a passenger who is 2 years of age or over but under 13 years of age.



21. "Unaccompanied minor” means a passenger over the age of 5 years who is not accompanied together with their guardian or an adult passenger when they take a plane.



22. “Infant” means a passenger who is under 2 years of age. 



23. "Cancellation penalty” is a charge imposed under the refund policy when the ticket is refunded.



24. “Check-in deadline” means the time defined by JEJUAIR for a passenger to complete Check-in and receipt of Boarding Pass. 



25. "Tariff” means the fare, rates and charges applicable to the carriage of passengers and baggage by JEJUAIR and also includes the rules and procedures related to the carriage, which form part of carriage clause. 



26. "Force majeure” refers to cases where it is inevitable due to special and unpredictable circumstances (such as weather conditions, airport and etc.) that JEJUAIR cannot control. 



27. “Destination” means the ultimate stopping place according to the contract of carriage. 



28. “Damage” includes death, injury, delay, loss or other damage of whatsoever nature arising out of or in connection with carriage or other services performed by carrier incidental thereto.



29. “Miscellaneous charges order” means a document issued by a carrier or its agent, requesting issue of an appropriate Passenger Ticket and Baggage Check or provision of services to the person named in such document, and in case of electronic environment, it means “Electronic miscellaneous document” (hereinafter, “EMD”).



30. “SDR (Special Drawing Right)” means the Special Drawing Rights defined by the International Monetary Fund. (hereinafter called “IMF”)



31. “Days” means calendar days, including Sundays and legal holidays; provided that for the purpose of notification, the day upon which the notice is dispatched shall not be counted; and that for purpose of determining duration of validity, the balance the day upon which the ticket is issued, or flight commenced shall not be counted.



Article 2. Applicability of Conditions of Carriage 



1. Nothing in these Conditions of Carriage and other applicable tariffs modifies or waives any provision of the Warsaw Convention and Warsaw Convention as amended at The Hague, 1955.



2. These carriage clause applies to all tasks related to the transportation of domestic scheduled flight, non-schedule flight's passenger and baggage performed by JEJUAIR. 



3. Where a special agreement is made regarding a certain article of these Conditions of Carriage, the special agreement shall have precedence over such article.



4. The carriage of passengers and luggage is based on regulation that is subject to the Conditions of Carriage valid on the date of carriage commencement of passenger. However, the contents of the conditions of carriage which have changed negatively against passenger, after purchasing ticket, will be excluded from application. 



5. With respect to gratuitous carriage, JEJUAIR reserves the right to exclude the application of all or any part of these conditions of carriage. 



6. Carriage of passengers and baggage performed pursuant to a charter agreement with JEJUAIR shall be preferably subject to such charter agreement, and any others not specifically provided in the charter agreement shall be subject to these Conditions of Carriage.



Article 3. Amendment of Conditions of Carriage 



JEJUAIR’s Conditions of Carriage and any rules and regulations established thereunder may be subject to amendment without any prior notice due to revisions of laws and regulations, government guidelines, service improvements or for other reasons. If the foregoing Conditions of Carriage is amended for a reason not specified above, the amended Conditions of Carriage shall not be applied to the passengers who purchase their tickets before the amendment. 



Article 4. Publication of Conditions of Carriage



Passenger fares, charges and the Conditions of Carriage shall be made placed in branches or sales offices of JEJUAIR so that they are easily available to passengers. 



Article 5. Passenger’s Consent



1. A passenger shall be regarded as having consented to these Conditions of Carriage and the rules and regulations established thereunder by purchasing a ticket. 



2. Pursuant to Paragraph 6 of Article 2, a passenger who accepted the carriage performed under a charter agreement shall be regarded as having consented to these Conditions of Carriage.



Article 6. Applicable law and Jurisdiction



1. These Conditions of Carriage shall be construed in accordance with the law of the Republic of Korea, and to any other matter that is not provided for herein shall apply the applicable laws of the Republic of Korea.



2. Any action concerning the carriage performed pursuant to these Conditions of Carriage, whoever the person entitled to claim for damage is or whatever the basis for such claim is, shall be subject to the jurisdiction of courts of the Republic of Korea and the legal procedures of such action shall be in accordance with laws of the Republic of Korea.



Article 7. Schedule delays and cancellations of flights 



1. Schedules

A. The time which is shown in the timetable or other handouts can be changed. So, the operating time on the timetable cannot be guaranteed and does not mean a transportation contract with JEJUAIR. The time of flight on the timetable can be changed without notice and JEJUAIR is not liable for any incident or omission of flight connections and timetables or other schedule. Also, any statement and sign, from JEJUAIR employees, agents or representatives, does not have any binding force on JEJUAIR. 



B. When we make a reservation, JEJUAIR will notify the passenger of the scheduled departure time at the time of reservation and specify it on the ticket at the time of ticket issuance. The scheduled departure time can be changed after the ticket is issued, If the passenger tells JEJUAIR about their contact number, JEJUAIR do the best to notify such change. Although the flight time has changed after the purchase of the ticket, but the passenger does not use it, and JEJUAIR does not offer alternative flight to the passenger, a refund will be made in accordance with Paragraph 4 of Article 14.



2. Cancellations

A. JEJUAIR may, without notice, substitute alternate carrier or aircraft.



B. JEJUAIR may, without notice, cancel, terminate, divert, postpone or delay any flight or the further right of carriage or reservation of traffic accommodations and determine if any departure or landing should be made, without any liability except to refund in accordance with these Conditions of Carriage the fare and charges for any unused portion of the ticket: However, in case of non-performance and delay of carriage owing to the intention or error of JEJUAIR, JEJUAIR shall indemnify it pursuant to the reference specified in related conditions regulation, tariffs and laws and regulations.

1) because of any fact beyond its control (including, but without limitation, meteorological conditions, acts of God, force majeure, strikes, riots, civil commotions, embargoes, wars, hostilities, disturbances, or unsettled international conditions), actual, threatened or reported, or because of any delay, demand, condition, circumstances or requirement due, directly or indirectly, to such fact;

2) because of any fact not to be foreseen, anticipated or predicted;

3) because of any government regulations order, demand or requirement; or

4) because of shortage of labor, fuel or facilities, or labor difficulties of JEJUAIR or others.



C. If the passenger refuses to pay all or part of the fare requested by JEJUAIR or refuses to pay the requested fare for the baggage of the passenger, JEJUAIR can cancel the carriage or the subsequent ticket of the passenger and baggage. In this case, JEJUAIR will not be responsible for any other liability for refunding the fare by passengers in accordance with these Conditions of Carriage.



D. Except for the deliberate or negligent cases of JEJUAIR, in any other cases provided for in 1 and Article 2, JEJUAIR will not be liable for any damages except the refund of applicable fares, if passenger did not take on board, based on the provision of Article 14.



3. Lengthy delays at Airport 

If there is long delay at the airport, regarding to the laws and regulations of the city government, emergency measures by JEJUAIR are applied. 



Article 8. Instructions by Carrier’s Employee 



Passengers shall observe the instruction or demand by the employees of the JEJUAIR with regard to enplaning or deplaning, any acts or conducts at the airport or on board, and loading and unloading of baggage. 







Chapter 2 Tickets and Carriage for Passengers



Article 9. Tickets



If the passenger does not pay the scheduled fare or does not comply with JEJUAIR's credit terms, JEJUAIR will not issue the ticket and carry it in any circumstances.



1. Issuance of Ticket

A. JEJUAIR shall issue a ticket when a passenger has paid the applicable fares and/or charges, or in compliance with the terms and conditions of transactions on credit separately set for by the Carrier.



B. Passengers are required to provide appropriate information necessary for issuing their tickets, such as name, gender, contact information, etc. for JEJUAIR.



2. Effectiveness of Ticket

A. Tickets can be used only by the person who owns the ticket, and cannot be used by another person. If the ticket is used by a person other than the named person, regardless of the person's recognition or consent, JEJUAIR is liable for the loss, damage or delay of the unauthorized person's death, injury or others.



B. JEJUAIR shall not be liable to a passenger or any other party for any damage caused as a result of unauthorized use of a ticket by the passenger or as a result of false or incorrect information on the carriage document filled in by the passenger.

 

C. Tickets are valid only if they meet the conditions of carriage recorded in the database of JEJUAIR. Electronic tickets must be recorded and issued in JEJUAIR's database in accordance with the regulations of JEJUAIR. If passenger does not show these electronic ticket, JEJUAIR can refuse the transportation.



D. The ticket issued at a fare which limits the carriage to a specific period shall be good for passage only during such specific period and on the specific portion(s) to which the fare applies.



E. Booking Class on the flight coupon shall be the same as booking class in PNR(Passenger Name Record). If booking classes are different from each other, the passengers holding such a ticket can be denied boarding a flight or be allowed to board with charges.



3. Period of Ticket Validity

A. Flight tickets are valid for one year from the commencement date of carriage of the passenger, unless it is specified in the fare rules. In case of unused tickets, it is valid for one year from the date of issuance that does not include the issue date.



B. An expired ticket shall not be used and the extension of the validity period shall not be permitted.



Article 10. Applicability of Fares



1. All freight Charges and Fee

A. Except that individually decided case, the fare and charges applicable to the carriage is deemed to be valid on the date specified on the ticket and on the day the fare is paid based on the itinerary. JEJUAIR can additionally collect or refund the difference, if paid fare is different from applicable fare to the carriage. 



B. In the event of a voluntary change to the originating flight, the fares and charges for the passenger’s journey shall be recalculated in accordance with the fares and charges in effect on the date on which the change is made and is reflected on the ticket.



C. Applicable fares and charges apply only to carriage from the departure airport to the arriving airport. 



D. Except as additionally provided in TARIFF, passengers can use a seat of the class which fare and charges are applied. If you reserve two seats in advance, we will collect double amount of the money that is the sum of applied fare and charge. 



E. The service fee and charges collected by JEJUAIR from passengers, and other charges incurred from other reasons are applied to each passenger seats, and the airport fee will be applied to per passenger. It collects the money by adding the fare with fixed fare, plied fare and charge. 



2. Payment of Fares and Charges

A. The payment of air freight charge and fare does not break against foreign exchange laws and government regulations. The fare can be used for any other currency other than currency that the fare is announced. 



B. When we calculate the fare paid in Korean Won, the amount of less than 100 won will be appreciated. 



C. Unless otherwise stipulated in the applicable tariffs, the exchange rate set by IATA (International Air Transport Association) or JEJUAIR (the exchange rate announced by KEB Hana Bank) shall be used to convert air fares or charges into the sales currency.



3. Taxes and fees

A. VAT is collected by adding the fare and charges set by JEJUAIR under the VAT Act.



B. Taxes or levies which are from passengers by the government or airport managers will be collected in addition to the fare. Also, fees charged by JEJUAIR for the service, system and others are the same. 



Article 11. Free and Discounted Fares



1. An infant who is accompanied by an adult and does not occupy a separate seat shall be carried free of charge. In such case, one infant per one adult can board free of charge.



2. Notwithstanding Paragraph 1 above, an infant occupying a separate seat or any infant(s) in excess of one per accompanying adult shall be regarded as a child in applying the fares.



3. An individual passenger may be subject to a discount if he/she falls under a specific type of passengers separately stipulated by JEJUAIR or in accordance with the discount table defined by JEJUAIR; provided, however, that such passenger is required to prove to JEJUAIR that he/she is eligible for the discount before boarding. A discount cannot be applied retroactively after boarding. 



Article 12. Reservations



1. General

A ticket will be valid for the flight(s) for which reservation(s) shall have been made, a passenger who wishes to change his ticketed reservation to another date or holding an unused open-date ticket or portion thereof or Miscellaneous Charges Order shall not be entitled to any preferential right with respect to the obtaining of reservations.



2. Conditions and Cancellation of Reservations

A. A reservation on a given flight is valid when a record of the reservation is reflected in JEJUAIR’s reservation system. Whenever a passenger fails to purchase a ticket for the reservation by the time fixed by JEJUAIR, JEJUAIR will cancel the reservations at any time without notice. 



B. If the passenger does not use the reserved seat, JEJUAIR can cancel all reservations of the passenger.



C. If the passenger does not arrive at the airport or departure point on time, JEJUAIR can cancel the reserved seat. JEJUAIR does not need to assume responsibility for damage and cost that is incurred by breaking against regulation from the passenger.



D. If a passenger has two or more seats confirmed in the same reservation record and thus, falls under any of the following cases, JEJUAIR may change part of the reservation without prior notice to the passenger or his/her representative:

1) Flight segments and boarding dates are the same;

2) Flight segments are the same and it is deemed impossible for the passenger to board all the reserved flights or;

3) It is deemed impossible for the passenger to board all the reserved flights for reasons other than specified in Clause “1” and “2” above.



E. A pre-allocated seat may be subject to change without prior notice for unavoidable reasons such as flight cancellation and delay. JEJUAIR shall not guarantee the allocation of specific seats on the aircraft. However, If a passenger has designated the seat using the pre-seating service, the regulation is not applicable to this case.



3. Fees or penalties

If a passenger tries to start the following journey after purchasing an airline ticket, a change fee or cancellation penalty will be imposed in accordance with JEJUAIR's regulations respectively.

A. If you change the itinerary

B. In case of cancelling the confirmed flight,

C. In case it fails to confirm the cancellation prior to the flight check-in, take the confirmed flight and check-in after boarding procedures.



4. Personal Information

If there is a request from JEJUAIR or a governmental agency for reservation, ticket purchase, carriage or other services, the passenger have to inform the personal information. For this purpose, the personal information that is provided to JEJUAIR can be sent to JEJUAIR branches and government agencies within the scope of this permission. 



Article 13. Re-routings



1. Itinerary is changed because of passenger’s circumstances

A. If the passenger change the date, flight or destination listed on the ticket, they have to request the change of ticket to purchasing location, such as the branch or sales office of JEJUAIR, prior to departure time of the flight It is possible to increase the tariff and charges if there is available seats. 



B. If the following conditions are met, JEJUAIR will issue new tickets by changing unused tickets, boarding coupons, destinations, fares or expiration dates at the request of the passenger.

1) When JEJUAIR first issued the ticket,

2) If JEJUAIR received approval of such change in document or computer form from the carrier who has the right to make the change.



C. When the re-routing results in a change of fare, the new fare and charges shall be calculated as provided in the applicable tariffs.



D. The expiration date of the new ticket issued by the itinerary change will be applied identically with expiration date of the first ticket before the change of the itinerary.



2. Itinerary is changed because of JEJUAIR circumstances

A. If JEJUAIR cancels the flight, fails to operate the flight timetable due to intention or mistake of JEJUAIR, fails to arrive at the destination specified on the ticket, or does not provides confirmed seat in advance, JEJUAIR have to follow one of the following measures. 

1) JEJUAIR transport passengers and baggage to destinations listed on the ticket that offer available seat.

2) JEJUAIR change in the boarding date, flight or itinerary according to the passenger's request,

3) JEJUAIR refund the fare and fee by request of the passenger under Paragraph 4 of Article 14.



B. For passengers who changed their itinerary, because of the circumstances of JEJUAIR, the free baggage allowance of the class that is already paid from passenger will be applied.



C. If a carrier other than JEJUAIR fails to operate the scheduled flight timetable or if the passenger fails to board JEJUAIR's connecting flight due to the change of the flight time, the carrier has to take necessary actions for the carriage of the passenger. However, JEJUAIR does not need to take any liability for the mistake of such connected flight. 



3. Itinerary is changed because of irresistible force

Because of irresistible force, if JEJUAIR cancels the flight or does not operate normal flight timetable, JEJUAIR does will not bear any responsibility except for refunding the flight freight and charges for unused ticket. 



Article 14. Refunds



1. General

JEJUAIR shall has to comply with the following conditions for refunding unused tickets from passengers except lost tickets. 



A. The passenger must apply for a refund before 30 days from the expiration date of the ticket. If the passenger applies for a refund after the validity date, JEJUAIR can refuse the refund to passenger.



B. When applying for a refund, passengers have to show boarding coupon with passenger coupon together, except for electronic tickets. 



C. Except as provided below, refund will be made to the person named as the passenger on the ticket.

1) In the case of tickets issued in accordance with the following, refunds will be made as follows.

①In case of UATP(Universal Air Travel Plan), the refund will be made to the account of the person indicated on the Air Travel Card

②In the case of a credit card, the refund will be made to the account of the person indicated on the credit card.

2) In case a purchaser designated a person who will get the refunds in time of purchase, the refund shall be done to the designated person.

3) JEJUAIR refunds the ticket to the company when the company proves sufficient evidence that the company purchased a flight ticket on behalf of the passenger and refunded it to the passenger.



D. A refund made pursuant to this provision to a person named or designated in the document submitted for the refund shall be a valid refund, and afterwards JEJUAIR shall not be liable to a person who truly holds the right for another refund.



2. Currency

All refunds will be subject to government laws, rules, regulations or orders of the country in which the ticket or Miscellaneous Charges Order was originally purchased and of the country in which the refund is being made. Subject to the foregoing provisions, refunds will normally be made in the currency in which the fare was paid, or in lawful currency of Korea or of the country where the refund is made or in the currency of the country in which the ticket or Miscellaneous Charges Order was purchased, in an amount equivalent to the amount due in the currency in which the fares were originally collected.



3. Refund due to passenger's circumstances

The amount of a voluntary refund will be as follows:

A. the deducted difference between the fare paid the applicable cancellation penalty if passengers have never used flight ticket.

B. If a part of the ticket is not used, there is deducted difference between the sum of the fare and the fare of the segment used in the fare and the applicable cancellation penalty.



4. Refund due to JEJUAIR circumstances

If JEJUAIR cancels flights, fails to operate due to deliberate or negligent of JEJUAIR, or fails to reach the destination specified on the passenger's ticket or does not offer pre-reserved seats, the refund, caused by these failure have to be calculated as follows. However the damage suffered by the customer due to reasons other than paragraph 1 of Article 7 and Article 16 have to be compensated in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations.



5. Refund due to irresistible force

If JEJUAIR cancelled the flight of failed to operate on timetable, because of irresistible reasons, JEJUAIR will refund the freight charges and fee for unused ticket. 



Article 15. Passenger’s Arrival at Airport



1. A passenger shall arrive at the airport sufficiently before the scheduled departure time of the flight on which he/she has a confirmed seat and then complete the check-in procedure by relevant authorities and the Carrier. JEJUAIR reserves the right to carry a passenger who fails to complete the check-in procedure at least 30 minutes before the scheduled departure time of the flight.



2. JEJUAIR may not delay the departure time of a flight to wait for a passenger who arrive at the airport late to complete the check-in procedure, and JEJUAIR shall not be liable to the passenger except for a refund in accordance with Paragraph 3 of Article 14 in these Conditions of Carriage.



Article 16. Limitations of carriage	



1. Refusal, Limitation of Carriage

A. JEJUAIR can refuse to transport passengers and baggage after informing them in writing or by electronic means that transportation service of the reserved flight, from passenger in accordance with reasonable judgment.



B. JEJUAIR can refuse carriage of passengers and baggage or take actions if the following facts occur or reasonably deemed to occur.

1) If the passenger does not comply with the request or orders from the government and JEJUAIR for the safety of life or property.



2) In case it is necessary to comply with government laws, regulations or orders.



3) Transportation of passengers or baggage has considerably negative impact on comfort, safety of passenger or crew and health.



4) If the mental and physical condition of the passenger, including damage caused by alcohol or drugs, is harmful to the passenger himself, others, crew and property, can cause danger.



5) If a passenger is involved in an unfair act (such as loud singing, drinking disturbances, use of other airline tickets, sexual harassment and etc, during travelling, and acts in violation of aircraft safety operations. Also if there is enough reasons that JEJUAIR can causes again these acts.



6) If it is predicted that JEJUAIR it caused a damage to JEJUAIR or obstructed the business of its employees, JEJUAIR informed the passenger in writing of the refusal of the carriage, or JEJUAIR reasonably judge such behavior. 



7) If the passenger refuses to present the ID card required by JEJUAIR or its designated agent for the purpose of confirming that the passenger is the same as the holder of the ticket, or fails to prove their identification. 



8) If passenger refuses security search for body or property.



9) If the passenger has illegally taken the ticket or has purchased it through JEJUAIR or designated agent, or ticket is lost, stolen and falsified.



10) When passengers shows a threatening, aggressive, abusive or insulting act, when they issue flight ticket or check in.  



11) If it is regarded to use air traffic alone without assistance from a third party.



C. If the allowable payload of the aircraft is not enough, because of over-sales and JEJUAIR policy, JEJUAIR can voluntarily induce passengers to board the flight. Despite JEJUAIR's efforts to minimize the non-voluntary delay from passenger, if there is no voluntary delay to board from passenger, the passengers who own the preferred airline tickets, the executives who own the travel tickets, and the passengers whose reservation has been confirmed are selected as delay of boarding. However, the disabled and pregnant women with infants are not selected as boarding delay and probationers for non-voluntary boarding have to be compensated in accordance with the JEJUAIR regulations based on consumer dispute resolution standards.



D. If allowed load of aircraft is not enough imperatively unavoidable shortage of the aircrafts, as unforeseen reasons, JEJUAIR can select the minimum number of passengers or goods to meet the changed allowable payload. The executives who own the preferred airline ticket, the executives who own the travel ticket, and the passengers whose reservation has been confirmed are selected in order. However, the passengers who accompany infants, disabled persons, pregnant women, and etc are not selected.



E. If a passenger uses a lower class of service for any portion of such carriage between an origin and a destination because of unavoidable reasons such as flight cancellation and delay, the passenger can be compensated in accordance with the JEJUAIR regulations based on consumer dispute resolution standard, or can get a refund in accordance with Article 14.



2. Conditional Acceptance for Carriage

A. If JEJUAIR regards that the age, mental or physical condition of the passenger may be harmful or dangerous to the passenger himself, JEJUAIR will not be liable for any injury, diseases, obstacles or other negatives effects including death, These condition will be taken under (TARIFF) and related regulations.



B. When transporting unaccompanied minor, disabled person, pregnant woman, sick person, or other assisted passenger, JEJUAIR tries to do every possible effort to offer necessary assistance as advised by the passenger, however the content of the assistance can be limited by aircraft facilities, related laws and regulations.



C. After the passenger has notified JEJUAIR of any special request for the disability and transportation, and the transportation cannot be refused, due to such disability and special request.



3. Transportation of Unaccompanied child and Infant

A. Child aged between 5 and 13 years who are not accompanied by passengers aged 18 years or over are permitted to transport under the following conditions only if they have agreed with JEJUAIR in advance.

1) Only in the JEJUAIR transport segment ,

2) When making a reservation, make sure to submit a letter of commitment in writing, including the name, address and contact information of the parent or guardian,

3) The parent or guardian have to stay with the child from departure point until check-in,

4) Other conditions and fare regulations by JEJUAIR have to be followed.



B. Child under age 5 and infant cannot be allowed to transport under any circumstances unless accompanied by parent or guardian.



4. Transportation of infant

Infant passenger will not be provided seats separately.



5. Conducts Aboard Aircraft

A. A passenger aboard the aircraft shall not conduct any of the followings for the safety of flight operation and passengers. JEJUAIR can take actions to stop these reasonable acts, if they do any of the following acts on board. Such passengers may be subjected to any action in the course of being operated or refused transport later, and sued for actions within the aircraft. 

1) Behavior that cause danger to aircraft, passengers or loaded property

2) Smoking, drinking, taking drug, loud singing and etc. 

3) Behavior that cause anxiety, inconvenience, damage and injury to passengers or crew.

4) Behavior that cause sexual humiliation to others

5) Behavior of using electronic devices in violation of Aviation safety law.

6) Behavior of praying to enter the cockpit without the consent of the captain. 

7) Behavior interfering with legitimate business such as captain by hierarchy or power.



B. The passenger is liable for any damages caused by the result of the actions referred to in subparagraph above.



6. Electronic Device

JEJUAIR may prohibit or limit the use of electronic devices (including but not limited to mobile phone, television, computer, recorder, radio, CD player, electronic games, electronically controlled toy and transmitting device) that can affect the safe operation of the aircraft. 



Article 17. Unauthorized Passage



In the following cases, it is regarded as illegal act. So, JEJUAIR collects considerable amount as twice of the published fare to passenger or refuse to board the passenger.

1. In case the passenger has invalid flight ticket, fake ticket, lost ticket or a ticket of someone else.

2. In case the passenger has illegally reported as the subject of a discount for passenger, and received an unfair discount.



Article 18. Ground Transfer Service



1. Except as otherwise specified in applicable tariffs, JEJUAIR does not maintain, operate or provide ground transfer service within airports or between airport and downtown. Except where ground transfer service is directly operated by JEJUAIR, it is agreed that any such service is performed by independent operators who are not and shall not be deemed to be agents or servants of JEJUAIR. Anything done by an employee, agent or representative of JEJUAIR in assisting the passenger to make arrangements for such ground transfer service shall in no way make JEJUAIR liable for the acts or omissions of such an independent operator. 



2. In cases where JEJUAIR maintains and operates for its passengers such ground transfer services, the terms, conditions, rules and regulations of JEJUAIR, including those stated or referred to in their tickets, baggage checks and baggage valuation agreements shall be deemed applicable to such ground transfer services. No portion of the fare shall be refundable in the event ground transfer services are not used. 





Chapter 3 Baggage



Article 19. Carriage of Baggage



1. Carriage of baggage shall be subject to these Conditions of Carriage and other applicable tariffs in effect on the date of commencement of carriage covered by the first flight coupon of the ticket. 



2. Checked baggage will be carried on the same aircraft as the passenger unless such carriage is impracticable due to safety, security or other reasons, in which event JEJUAIR will carry the checked baggage on the next flight on which space is available.



3. JEJUAIR reserves the right to refuse acceptance of said baggage in the event that an individual attempts to check baggage after the allotted check-in time has passed.



4. JEJUAIR will not carry baggage until the passenger has paid all applicable charges or has complied with credit arrangements established by JEJUAIR.



5. In principle, JEJUAIR will accept that passenger can take only their own baggage and may refuse to load or transport the goods requested by the third party other than the passenger themselves. Also, JEJUAIR can claim all damages suffered by them including claimant and the actual passenger. 



Article 20. Inspection of Baggage



For reasons of safety and security, JEJUAIR has the right, but not the obligation, to verify in the presence of passenger the contents of his baggage, and in the case of unaccompanied baggage, to open and examine such baggage whether or not the passenger is present. The existence or exercise of such right shall not be construed as an agreement, expressed or implied, by JEJUAIR to carry such contents as would otherwise by precluded from carriage.



Article 21. Prohibited Items in Carriage



JEJUAIR accepts transportation only for checked baggage properly packaged in each case or similar container so that it can be safely transported by customary handling methods, provided that the weight, shape, size and nature of the baggage. If it is deemed unsuitable, the baggage may be refused or transported before or during the carriage of the baggage, in whole or in part.

A. Items which are prohibited to be carried on the plane by the laws, regulations and orders of the country. 

B. Items that are considered to cause danger and damage to aircraft, passengers or property.

C. Packaged items that are easily damaged during transport or are not sufficiently checked against damage or loss. 

D. Money or securities, stamps, precious metals and jewelry, art and antiques, specimens, documents and other valuables. 



Article 22. Free Baggage Allowance



1. It is available to transport checked baggage with free of charge, if the baggage per person is a maximum of 20 kilograms and the sum of the three sides of baggage is the 203cm. However, maximum allowance amount can be changed based on the grade of JEJUAIR members or fare of the ticket purchased by the passenger. 



2. Unchecked baggage can be carried on aircraft with free of charge for a maximum of 10 kilograms per person and a total of 115 cm for 3 sides. It regards checked baggage when allowable amount is over-exceeded. 



3. The free baggage allowance of the infant occupying the seat is depend on the fare purchased.



4. Infants that do not occupy a seat does not offer free checked baggage allowance. However, one of the fully foldable stroller, infant carrying cradle, or infant car seat can carried free of charge as checked baggage or unchecked baggage.



5. One wheelchair or other assist devices used by uncomfortable passengers can be carried free of charge separately from the above free baggage allowance.



6. Free baggage allowance can vary depending on the type of carriage (regular or charter), items, etc., and can be limited by causes such as security and safety.



Article 23. Unchecked Baggage



1. Other than the paragraph 2 of Article 22, one of the following items can be allowed on the aircraft.

A. An umbrella without sharp edge

B. Food to feed an infant in flight

C. A pair of crutches, braces or prosthetic arm or leg for the use of a physically handicapped passenger

D. Items that are essential for the passengers who accompany infants, disabled persons, pregnant women, and etc. to eat or use.



2. Articles other than those listed above shall not be carried in cabin unless permitted otherwise by the applicable laws and regulations, government orders or rules and regulations of JEJUAIR.



3. Unchecked baggage may be limited according to insufficient space of aircraft.



4. Objects not suitable for transport in the cargo compartment (such as delicate musical instruments and the like) will only be accepted for transportation in the cabin compartment if due notice has been given in advance and permission granted by JEJUAIR. The transport of such objects may be charged for separately.



Article 24. Handover of Checked Baggage



1. JEJUAIR types the number and weight of the checked baggage on the ticket or system, issue each claim baggage ticket, and give passenger claim baggage tag. 



2. Checked baggage is handed over to the baggage holder only if the claim baggage tag issued by JEJUAIR is returned to the airline for his carriage.



3. Checked baggage have to be delivered to the destination listed on claim baggage tag, however that the passenger can only deliver at the point of departure, if passenger has special requests. 



4. JEJUAIR regards the holder of the claim baggage tag as rightful person and delivers the baggage. At this time, JEJUAIR has no duty to check whether the holder of the claim baggage tag is the rightful owner or not. By not checking this, JEJUAIR is not liable for any direct or indirect loss. 



5. If the baggage tag holder take baggage without the written formal objection, the baggage is deemed to be delivered normally in accordance with shipping terms and conditions.



Article 25. Excess Baggage Charges



1. If passenger exceeds free checked baggage allowance, a separate charge will be imposed under the valid JEJUAIR regulations and procedures on the date of payment of the excess baggage charge.



2. If the total dimensions and/or weight of a piece of luggage exceed JEJUAIR’s free baggage allowance, then an excess baggage charge may be assessed by JEJUAIR.



3. In calculating the gross weight of excess baggage, the weight of less than one kilogram is not calculated. 



4. Special baggage such as sports equipment is subject to a separate charge specified by JEJUAIR.



Article 26. Refund of Excess Baggage Charges



1. If a passenger cancels the carriage of excess baggage before the check-in deadline, or do not take a reserved flight, the full amount of the excess baggage paid by the passenger will be refunded. 



2. If a passenger cancels the carriage of the baggage after the deadline for the check-in, the excess baggage rate will not be refunded, except for the case where it fails to fulfill some or all requirements of transport with passenger. 



Article 27. Carriage of Specific Animals



1. A guide dog accompanying a blind passenger or a hearing dog accompanying a deaf passenger, mobility assistance dog, emotional support dog  shall be carried free of charge regardless of the permissible free baggage allowance of those passengers under the following conditions:

A. Such animal is traveling with a passenger and does not occupy a seat;

B. Such animal does not cause any discomfort to other passengers or disturb safe travel of other passengers;

C. If such animal falls ill, is injured or dies during the flight, the Carrier shall not be liable for any damage unless such damage is caused by the Carrier intentionally or negligently, and;

D. A passenger accompanying such animal shall be entirely liable for any damage to other passengers or properties caused by such animal.

E. Assistance dogs for the disabled must attach a service dog sign and wear a harness or leash. (a passenger accompanying emotional support dog requires a doctor’s note.)



2. Pets accompanied by a passenger may be carried as unchecked baggage under the following conditions:

A. Types of pets accepted for the carriage are limited to dogs, cats and household birds.

B. The weight of pet animals and the dimensions of the transport container follow the regulations written on the JEJUAIR website.

C. In case of a pet animal carried in accordance with this provision, excess baggage charge shall be separately imposed on the total weight of the animal and its container regardless of the passenger’s free baggage allowance.



Article 28. Excess Value Charges



In principle, JEJUAIR shall not apply excess value charges. If a passenger wishes to declare excess value charges, his/her carriage may be refused.



Article 29. Lost Baggage Tag



If a passenger has lost a baggage (claim) tag, the Carrier may hand over his/her baggage only under the condition that the person is deemed entitled for the baggage and will indemnify the Carrier against any damage as a result of such handover. 



Article 30. Disposal of Undelivered Baggage



In case baggage is unclaimed by a passenger within one week after its arrival, JEJUAIR may dispose of such baggage as deemed appropriate. Fish or other easily perishables may be disposed of if they are unclaimed within 48 hours after its arrival. 





Chapter 4 Liability 



Article 31. Scope of Liability



1. JEJUAIR takes only responsibility for damage caused by death and injury of passenger if the accident is caused on the aircraft or during the work to board and alight.



2. JEJUAIR is liable for the damage caused by the delay of the passenger. However, they can exempt from responsibility, if they can prove they did not take any all reasonably actions to avoid damage from themselves, its employee and agent. 



3. JEJUAIR has to be liable for damages caused by the loss or damage of the checked baggage only if the cause of the damage has occurred on the aircraft or during the time when the checked baggage is under the control of JEJUAIR. However, if the damage is caused by inherent defects, special characteristics or hidden defects from checked baggage, JEJUAIR does not take responsibility for that.



4. JEJUAIR has to take only liability for the damage caused by the loss and damage of passenger baggage when these damage is caused by themselves, it employee or agent's mistake. However, when unchecked baggage is handled, the assistance from JEJUAIR's employee to passengers is regarded as a service of respect for passengers.



5. JEJUAIR is liable for the damage caused by the delay of passenger baggage. However they can exempt from responsibility that it is proved it is impossible JEJUAIR has taken reasonable measures to prevent the damage. 



6. JEJUAIR is not liable for any damage of passenger's baggage caused by the passenger's goods in baggage. Also, if the passenger impacts on causing damage to the property of JEJUAIR due to his/her own goods, passengers have to compensate all damage and cost to JEJUAIR. 



7. Although JEJUAIR comply with these law, government regulation, orders or requirements, there is a direct and indirect damages incurred by passengers, because passenger did not follow these law and regulation. Therefore JEJUAIR does not need to take any responsibility for any damages incurred by passengers.



8. JEJUAIR's liability for compensating damages can be reduced or exempted, if it is proved that JEJUAIR contributed to the damage from negligence, other unlawful act and emission of claimant. 



9. JEJUAIR will not be liable in any cases, regardless of damage, about any indirect or special damages and punished compensation arising from the terms and condition of the carriage. 



Article 32. Notification of Partial Destruction or Damage to Checked Baggage



1. In case a passenger found a partial loss of or damage to checked baggage, he/she shall send a notice on the outline without delay in written or electronic form upon the receipt of checked baggage. However, if such loss or damage is something that cannot be found immediately, the passenger shall send such notice within seven days from the date of receipt of checked baggage.



2. In the event of a delay of checked baggage, a passenger shall raise a complaint at the latest within 21 days from the date on which the baggage has been placed at his/her disposal.

 

3. If there is no notice as Paragraph 1 above, it is considered that checked baggage has been handed over to a passenger without loss or damage. In case a loss or damage was done to checked baggage or such loss or damage is suspected, the Carrier and a passenger shall provide necessary convenience to each other for the inspection of checked baggage.



4. If there is not notice or complaint within the period aforesaid, no action shall lie against JEJUAIR by a passenger.



Article 33. Scope of Compensation



1. For damage under Paragraph 1 of Article 31 above not exceeding 113,100 SDRs for each passenger, JEJUAIR may not be exempted from or limit its liability.  



2. JEJUAIR shall not be liable for damage arising under Paragraph 1 of Article 31 to the extent that they exceed for each passenger 113,110 SDRs if the Carrier proves any of the followings: 

A. Such damage was not caused by negligence or other wrongful act or omission committed by JEJUAIR, its employees or agents, or; 

B. Such damage was caused only by negligence or other wrongful act or omission committed by a third party. 



3. JEJUAIR's liability under the paragraph 2 of Article 31 is based on amount limit of 1,000 SDR per passenger. However, this liability will not apply to cases where it is proved that damages are caused by action recklessly or deliberately from JEJUAIR, its employee or agent.



4. JEJUAIR liability for compensating damages under the paragraph 3 and 5 of Article 31 decided as limit amount of 1,131 SDR per passenger. However, if passenger declared the planned amount in advance, when they delivers the checked baggage to the carrier, the carrier have to be liable for paying the declared amount as long as the carrier does not prove that the declared amount exceeds the actual value at the arriving point of the checked baggage. This article does not apply to cases where it is proved that damage has been caused by a reckless act or omission, recognizing that there is a risk of loss or damage to the baggage as intention of JEJUAIR.



5. The liability of JEJUAIR shall not exceed the amount of real damage in any case.



6. In case part, not all, of checked baggage is handed over to a passenger, or if damage is done part, not all, of checked baggage, JEJUAIR shall be liable for only such undelivered or damaged portion of the baggage in accordance with these Conditions of Carriage and the rules and regulations. 



7. The place of any payment of damages in relation to the liability of JEJUAIR shall be the Republic of Korea. .



8. The liability of JEJUAIR can be decreased or exempted, depending on mistake or other unlawful acts or omission that is proved to cause the loss, regarding to JEJUAIR's liability for damages in these Conditions of Carriage, including the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Article.



9. Conversion of the amount in SDR into the national currency shall be made according to the exchange rate of the currency applicable on the date of the final judgment by the court, in case of judicial proceedings. In cases other than judicial proceedings, the exchange rate of the currency applicable on the date when damages to be paid is agreed upon shall apply.  



Article 34. Passenger’s Liability



Any passenger who caused damage to JEJUAIR due to his/her negligence or willful misconduct or his failure to comply with these Conditions and rules thereunder shall be liable to JEJUAIR for such damage. 



Article 35. Lawsuit



All claims and rights to damages shall be extinguished if an action is not brought within a period of two years reckoned from the date of arrival at the destination or from the date on which the aircraft ought to have arrived, or from the date on which the carriage stopped, whichever occurred later, no matter who the claimant is. 



Article 36. Overriding law



Insofar as any provision contained or referred to in the ticket or in the Conditions of Carriage or other applicable tariffs may be contrary to mandatory law, government regulations, orders or requirements, such provision shall remain applicable to the extent that it is not overridden thereby. The invalidity of any provision shall not affect any other part.



Article 37. Original Copies of Conditions of Carriage



The Conditions of Carriage for domestic passenger and baggage from JEJUAIR can be published in English, but the Korean version has to be preceded by English one.



Article 38. Headings



Headings of each article in these Conditions of Carriage are for the purpose of reference only and shall not constitute a part of these Conditions of Carriage.