Article 1 Applicability
1.1 General
1.1.1 Unless otherwise provided for in paragraphs 1.1.3, 1.2 and 1.3 of these Conditions of Carriage, these Conditions Carriage apply to public air transportation operated by us for the purpose of transporting passengers and baggage by civil aircraft and charging fees. These Conditions of Carriage form part of the contract between us and the passenger, and the rights, obligations and responsibilities of both parties are bound by these Conditions of Carriage.

1.1.2 If the provisions in these Conditions of Carriage change frequently, we may formulate relevant regulations separately and treat them as part of these Conditions of Carriage. If the separately formulated regulations are inconsistent with these Conditions of Carriage, the separately formulated regulations shall take precedence over these conditions.



1.1.3 These Conditions of Carriage also apply to carriage on special tickets such as free tickets and special fare tickets. Where discrepancies exist between the conditions of use of free tickets and of special fare tickets and these Conditions of Carriage, the conditions of use of such tickets shall prevail.

1.1.4 If we sell tickets or perform check-in for the flights of other carriers, we will only act as an agent of such carriers. You are requested to develop an understanding of the operating carriers’ transportation regulations.

1.2 Charter operations
For the transportation performed pursuant to a charter agreement, these Conditions of Carriage apply only where these Conditions of Carriage are incorporated by reference in the provisions of the charter agreement or in the conditions of use the charter flight ticket.

1.3 Codeshare
On some flights we have implemented "codeshare" with other carriers. This means that even if you book a flight and hold a ticket with our name or airline code, you may be on a flight actually operated by another carrier. We are obligated to inform you of the actual carrier of the flight when you purchase the ticket.

Our Conditions of Carriage also apply to the codeshare flights operated by other carriers. However, each operating carrier of a codeshare flight has its own conditions of carriage or transportation regulations with respect to the operation of its own flights, and some may differ from our Conditions of Carriage for flights operated by us. Except for Article 2 and Article 3 of these Conditions of Carriage, these different rules and conditions of carriage established by the operating carrier will be considered part of our Conditions of Carriage on codeshare flights, and will take precedence over our Conditions of Carriage on these codeshare flights.

When it comes to codeshare flights, the differences between our regulations and conditions of carriage and those of the operating carrier could involve, but are not limited to regulations on flight check-in, denied boarding and restricted transportation, regulations on baggage transportation, regulations on overbooking, flight delays and cancellations, and regulations on flight diversions, etc.

1.4 Overriding law
The establishment, validity, interpretation, performance, dispute resolution and other contractual issues shall be governed by the laws of the People’s Republic of China as well as the international conventions concluded or acceded to by the People's Republic of China.

If any provision contained in these Conditions of Carriage is in direct conflict with the applicable laws and international conventions, the applicable laws and international conventions shall prevail. If any provision of these Conditions of Carriage is in direct conflict with applicable laws and international conventions and thus is deemed invalid, the other provisions of these Conditions of Carriage shall remain valid.


Article 2 Ticketing
2.1 Fundamental principles
2.1.1 General provisions
2.1.1.1 On the ticket, our name will be represented by the airline two-character code "CA" or the three-digit code "999", in short.

2.1.1.2 Tickets are managed by passengers’ real names, and you should present your valid ID when purchasing tickets and checking in for your flight.

2.1.1.3 Tickets are not transferable.

2.1.1.4 Only after the class, the date of flight, and the flight number have been determined can each flight segment on the ticket be used as proof of transportation

2.1.2 Validity of tickets
Unless otherwise provided for on the ticket or the applicable conditions of use of the ticket, for the validity of tickets the following rules apply:

2.1.2.1 When the ticket is partially used, the ticket is valid for 365 days, starting from 00:00 (included) of the following day after commencement of travel. Regardless of whether the ticket is subsequently changed, the validity period remains unchanged.

2.1.2.2 When no portion of the ticket is used

A. The ticket is valid for 365 days, starting from 00:00 (included) of the following day after ticket purchase.

B. If you apply for ticket change and a new ticket number is generated, the ticket is valid for 365 days, starting from 00:00 (included) of the following day after issuance of the new ticket.

2.1.2.3 Calculation of ticket validity

Starting from 00:00 (included) of the following day after the commencement of the first travel, ticket purchase or ticket reissuance to 24:00 (excluded) on the day of expiration of the validity period.

2.1.3 Sequence and use of ticket coupons
2.1.3.1 The ticket you have purchased is valid only for the transportation shown on the ticket, from the place of departure via any agreed stopping places to the final place of destination. All flight segments shown on the ticket shall be used in the sequence specified at the time of ticket purchase.

2.1.3.2 The fare you pay is linked to the sequence of transportation shown on your ticket. Should you fail to use the ticket in sequence, we will recalculate the fare, fuel surcharge, and government taxes based on your itinerary actually flown. If the resulting amount is higher than the amount previously paid for your current ticket, you shall pay the difference between the original amount and the new amount resulting from such a change, and we will provide you with subsequent transportation services based on the new amount paid. And the unused segments of your ticket can no longer be used.

2.2 Fares, taxes, fees and charges
2.2.1 General provisions
Before you make payment, we will inform you of or show you all the amounts you should pay, including fares, government taxes, and fuel surcharges (fees). After the ticket is sold, if the fare, government taxes, and fuel surcharges (fees) are adjusted, the above-mentioned amounts you have paid remain unchanged. If you need to make any changes to the specifics of your itinerary, including the flight date, flight, etc., such changes may affect the above amounts you have paid.

2.2.2 Fares
2.2.2.1 Fare is calculated in accordance with our tariff in effect at time of ticket purchase. It is applicable to the specific date, itinerary and other information shown on the ticket.

2.2.2.2Unless otherwise provided for, fares are only applicable to air transportation from the airport of departure to the airport of destination, excluding ground transportation between one airport to another airport in the same city or the ground transportation between the airport and downtown.

2.2.3 Taxes, fees and charges
2.2.3.1 You should pay the applicable taxes, fees and charges to be imposed and levied by government or other authorities, or by the operator of an airport. The taxes, fees and charges are not included in the fare.

2.2.3.2 In addition to fares and taxes, we will collect airline fuel surcharges. Although the fuel surcharges are shown as part of the taxes, fees and charges, they are not government taxes. The fuel surcharges could vary by airlines, itineraries, classes, dates of ticket purchase or travel dates.

2.2.4 Currency
Fares, taxes, fees and charges shall be paid with the currency of the country of ticket issuance, unless we or our authorized sales agents approve or specify another currency when or before you make payment.

2.3 Reservation and ticket purchase
2.3.1 General provisions
2.3.1.1 You can reserve and purchase ticket through our website, mobile apps, our flagship stores and our Call Center, any of our ticketing offices or any of our authorized sales agents as well as other channels recognized by us.

2.3.1.2 You must present your valid ID at the time of ticket purchase. The valid ID you use at the time of ticket purchase must be the same as that you use at the time of check-in.

2.3.1.3 We or our authorized sales agents will make reservations based on your requirements. Upon request we will provide you with written confirmation of your reservation.

2.3.1.4 When you make a reservation, we or our authorized sales agents will inform you of the time limit for ticket payment. You should pay the fare within the specified time limit for payment. If payment is not completed, your reservation will be canceled.

2.3.1.5 The rules or conditions of use of certain fares contain restrictions or rules that do not allow you to make changes to your ticket or refund your ticket. We or our authorized sales agents will inform you of such conditions of use when you purchase the ticket. Please choose the fare categories that suit your needs.

2.3.2 Collection and use of personal information
The personal information you provide to us is intended to be used for seat reservation, ticket purchase, reservation or purchase of other services, and related formalities. To this end, you authorize us to use and store your personal information, and agree that we send this information to our relevant departments, other relevant carriers, relevant service providers and governmental units. We attach great importance to the security of your personal information and will take all reasonable and feasible security control measures to protect your personal information. You can inquire about our privacy policy. The privacy policy is not part of these Conditions of Carriage.

2.3.3 Advance seat selection
You can select your onboard seat in advance, and we will do our best to meet seat requirement based on the actual conditions of seat reservations. However, due to operational, safety or security needs, we cannot guarantee that any seat you specify will be provided. At the same time, we always reserve the right to reallocate seats on the aircraft, even after you have been seated.


Article 3 Ticket change and refund
3.1 Ticket change
3.1.1 General provisions
3.1.1.1 You shall have your ticket changed within the validity period of the ticket.

3.1.1.2 Please contact the ticketing carrier or its authorized sales agent for ticket change.

3.1.1.3 If you fail to take the flight on which you have purchased a ticket and fail to inform us in advance of your need to keep your seat for the subsequent flight, we have the right to cancel the reservation on your ticket for the onward flight or return flight.

3.1.2 Voluntary change
After ticket purchase, if you need to change any specifics of your itinerary due to your own reasons, such as flight date, flight, etc., please contact us or our authorized air sales agent as soon as possible. We or our authorized air sales agent will change the ticket according to the conditions of use of the ticket applicable to your ticket. At the time of the change, the fare, government taxes, and fuel surcharges (fees) you have paid will be calculated again according to the conditions of use of ticket.

3.1.3 Involuntary change
3.1.3.1 If your flight departs later or earlier than scheduled, your flight is cancelled, your flight’s itinerary changes or the class of service changes due to our reasons or due to weather, air traffic control, etc., or the connecting time of your immediate connecting flight is rendered shorter than the minimum connecting time due to the above reasons - reasons which make you have to change your ticket, we or our authorized air sales agents can grant involuntary change once to your ticket for your flight and your immediate connecting flight, without any ticket change handling fee charged.

3.1.3.2 If the flight you are already on arrives at your destination airport later than scheduled due to our reasons or due to weather, air traffic control, etc., and, as a result, the connecting time of your subsequent flight is rendered shorter than the minimum connecting time, which make you have to change your ticket, we or our authorized air sales agents can grant involuntary change once to your ticket for your flight and your subsequent connecting flight, without any ticket change handling fee charged.
For flights that are only delayed upon arrival, your request for ticket changes without the flight having been flown will be handled in accordance with 3.1.2 of these Conditions.

3.1.3.3We can also grant an involuntary refund for you in accordance with 3.2.3 of these Conditions of Carriage.

3.1.3.4For tickets where involuntary changes have been granted, if you request a change or refund again due to your own reasons, your requests are subject to the provisions in 3.1.2 or 3.2.2 of these Conditions of Carriage.

3.2 Refund
3.2.1 General provisions
3.2.1.1 Please contact the ticketing carrier or its authorized air sales agents for refund on your ticket.

3.2.1.2 For the tickets that we sell, requests for ticket refunds should be made to us or our authorized airline sales agents and within the validity period of the ticket. In special circumstances, requests for refunds to us or our authorized airline sales agent shall be made no later than 180 days after the ticket’s validity period expires. We will not accept requests for ticket refunds where the ticket’s validity period has exceeded the above-mentioned time limit.

3.2.1.3When getting the refund, you should return to us all the relevant proof of reimbursement you have obtained (like "Itinerary/Receipt of E-Ticket for Air Transport").

3.2.1.4We will complete the refund procedures within 7 working days from the date of receiving your valid application for refund, excluding the processing time of financial institutions.

3.2.1.5Normally, the fare will be refunded to you in accordance with the original method of payment and the original currency of payment used for such payment.

3.2.1.6We will give priority to the account previously used for the payment of the ticket when granting refunds. If the refund cannot get to the account in question due to special reasons, the refund will be made to you personally.

3.2.1.7 If you entrust someone else with the handling of the refund, your agent should present your and the agent's valid identification documents, your authorization letter, and other information.

3.2.2 Voluntary refund
3.2.2.1 After ticket purchase, when you request a refund for your own reasons, if the conditions of use of your ticket allow for a refund, and the provisions of paragraphs 3.2.3 and 3.3 of these Conditions of Carriage do not apply to such a refund, we will grant a refund on the unused segments of the ticket according to the applicable conditions of use of the ticket.

3.2.2.2 If you voluntarily terminate your travel at the agreed stopping place of the flight, the fare for the unused segment of the flight will not be refunded.

3.2.2.3 Please contact the original channel of ticket purchase for voluntary refund.

3.2.3 Involuntary refund
3.2.3.1 If your flight departs later or earlier than scheduled or is canceled, the flight’s itinerary changes or the class of service changes due to our reasons or due to weather, air traffic control, etc., which make you have to apply for a refund on your ticket, we or our authorized air sales agents can grant involuntary changes to your ticket for your flight or your flight and your subsequent connecting flight, without any ticket change handling fee charged.

If the flight you are already on arrives at your destination airport later than scheduled due to our reasons or due to weather, air traffic control, etc., and, as a result, the connecting time of your subsequent flight is rendered shorter than the minimum connecting time, which make you have to request a refund on the ticket on your subsequent connecting flight, we or our authorized air sales agents can grant involuntary refund on your ticket for your subsequent connecting flight, without any ticket change handling fee charged.

For flights whose departures are not delayed but whose arrivals are, requests for ticket refunds without the flight having been flown will be handled in accordance with 3.2.2 of these Conditions.

If there are specific requirements in the laws and regulations of the countries and regions involved in the flight, we will provide services to you in accordance with such applicable laws and regulations.

3.2.3.2 You can request an involuntary refund through us or through your original channel of ticket purchase.

3.3 Circumstances where changes and refunds are requested due to health reasons
If you are unable to take a flight on which you have purchased a ticket due to injury, illness, or other health reasons after ticket purchase or during your travel, and if you can provide related proof recognized by us, we can provide you and your travel companion(s) with ticket change service for the unused segment(s) of the ticket(s), without any ticket change fee charged, or with ticket refund services, without any refund handling fee charged.


Article 4 Security inspection, check-in, boarding
4.1 Security inspection
You and your baggage shall undergo safety and security inspections. The inspections can be carried out in ways that include but are not limited to the use of equipment, use of manpower, oral inquiry and others prescribed by the local government or security check authorities. The methods of inspection used are determined by the government, the airports or our sole discretion, regardless of whether you are present, agree or are informed. We shall not be liable for any physical injury and damage to or loss of your baggage attributable to such inspections, unless such injury, damage or loss arises from our willful conduct or gross errors, except as otherwise provided by China’s laws and international conventions.

4.2 Check-in
4.2.1 You shall have your ticket inspected, check your baggage, and obtain paper or electronic boarding pass with your valid travel documents which carry your real name before the check-in deadline. The valid ID you present should be the same as the one you provided at the time of ticket purchase. We will make a photocopy of your travel documents when necessary.

4.2.2 We will do our best to meet your seating requirements based on the class of service of your ticket, but we do not guarantee that the seat you specify will be provided. When you check in, if you are downgraded due to our reasons, we will grant a refund on part of your fare and make a compensation for you. For specifics, see “Compensation Standards for Overbooking and Involuntary Class Downgrades of Air China Limited Flights”. If you are unwilling to have your class of service downgraded, you can refuse to take this flight and apply for involuntary ticket change or involuntary refund in accordance with 3.1.3 or 3.2.3 of these Conditions of Carriage.

If the compensation standards for involuntary class downgrades are specified in the laws and regulations of the country or region involved in the flight, your compensation amounts will be subject to such applicable laws and regulations.

4.2.3 For the reason of our different check-in deadlines at various airports, please confirm and comply with our check-in deadlines at each airport and complete check-in procedures before the deadline. If you fail to complete check-in before the specified check-in deadline, we have the right to cancel your reservation and will handle the follow-up as if you have failed to check in for your flight, which is not attributable to us.

4.2.4 Before travel, you are responsible for obtaining the travel documents, visas or certificates required by health and epidemic prevention policies as required by the place of departure and the agreed stopping point(s)and the destination. You shall understand and abide by all their applicable laws, regulations, decrees and travel regulations. We and our authorized agents provide you with the information on the requirements of the place of departure and the agreed stopping point(s)and the destinationfor the purpose of providing you with convenience and assistance, and we are not responsible for the accuracy of this information. We are not responsible for the consequences arising from your failure to obtain the above documents or visas,or failure to comply with the above-mentioned laws, regulations, decrees and travel regulations.

4.2.5 If it is not due to our reasons that you have failed to check in for your flight, we will provide you with voluntary ticket changes or grant you voluntary refunds in accordance with 3.1.2 and 3.2.2 of these Conditions. If it is due to our reasons that you have failed to check in for your flight, we will provide you withinvoluntary ticket changes or grant you involuntary refunds in accordance with 3.1.3 and 3.2.3 of these Conditions.

4.3 Boarding
4.3.1 The closing times of our boarding gates differ according to airports. Please proceed according to the closing time of the boarding gates at each airport. If you fail to check in before the closing time of the boarding gate, you will not be able to take the flight in question and we will treat the situation as if you have failed to board the flight.

4.3.2 We or our ground handling agent will keep you informed of any changes to the boarding gate or boarding time in time when they occur.

4.3.3 If you have failed to board your flight not for reasons on our part, we will provide you with voluntary change or voluntary refund services pursuant to 3.1.2 and 3.2.2 of these Conditions of Carriage. If you have failed to board your flight due to our reasons, we will provide you with involuntary change or involuntary refund services pursuant to 3.1.3 and 3.2.3 of these Conditions of Carriage.

4.3.4 When you have taken a wrong flight and arrived at a destination not shown on the ticket, we will give you the following alternatives to the extent they are available :

A.If there is a subsequent flight from the airport that you have flown to on the wrong flight to the destination shown on your ticket, we will make, for free, arrangements for you to fly directly from the airport that you have flown to on the wrong flight to the destination shown on your ticket, or use means of ground transportation to transport you to your destination for free. The fare you have paid will not be refunded nor do you need to make any payment to us.

B.We will transport you back to your departure airport where we will put you on a flight to the destination shown on your ticket as soon as possible. The fare you have paid will not be refunded nor do you need to make any payment to us.

C. We will grant a refund of the original flight segment of your ticket should you request termination of your travel at the airport that you have flown to on the wrong flight.

4.4 Seating arrangements on board
For safety, security or operational needs, we reserve the right to assign or reassign seats onboard, even after you have been seated.

4.5 Conduct during the flight
4.5.1 Handling of unlawful interference and disruptive behavior
Illegal interference refers to an act or an attempted act that endangers the safety of civil aviation, including but not limited to: illegally hijacking aircraft; destroying aircraft in use; taking hostages on aircraft or at airports; forcibly breaking into aircraft, airports or aviation facilities; bringing weapons or dangerous devices or materials into aircraft or airports for criminal purposes; using aircraft in use to cause deaths, serious personal injuries, or serious damage to property or the environment; spreading false information that endangers the safety of passengers, crew, ground personnel or the public in flight or on the ground, aircraft, airports or civil aviation facilities.

Disruptive behavior refers to behavior that disrupts the order of the airport or cabin by failure to abide by the code of conduct at the airport or on the aircraft, or failure to follow the instructions of the airport personnel or the crew, including but not limited to, occupying seats and baggage racks; engaging in physical combat and provoking troubles; molesting women and children and sexual harassment; disseminating obscene materials and other illegal printed materials; using fires or smoking; illegally using of mobile phones or other prohibited electronic devices; theft, deliberate damage, unauthorized displacement of emergency cabin doors and other aviation facilities and equipment; theft of public and private properties on board; tossing foreign objects on the apron, into engine and into the aircraft fuselage; approaching or staying in restricted areas without following the guidance; other acts that endanger the safety of civil aviation and disrupt the order of the cabin.

If, in our judgment, you conduct yourself aboard the aircraft so as to endanger the aircraft or any person or property on board, or obstruct the crew in the performance of their duties, or fail to comply with any instructions of the crew, or behave in a manner which causes or threatens to cause discomfort, inconvenience, damage or injury to other passengers or the crew, we may take such measures as we deem necessary to prevent continuation of such conduct, including restraint. You may be disembarked and refused onward carriage at any point, or handed over to the competent government authorities for handling based on the applicable laws or International conventions.

4.5.2 Use of and restrictions on portable electronic devices
The electronic devices that it is forbidden to use on aircraft include but are not limited to: portable electronic devices with a transmitting power of above 100mW (included) and a Wi-Fi operating frequency not in the 2.4GHz band, such as mobile phones without indications of transmission power, satellite phones, and mobile Wi-Fi, walkie-talkies, drone remote control platforms, remote control toys and other portable electronic devices with remote control.

Portable electronic devices that it is forbidden to use during the critical flight phases such as taxiing, take-off, climb, and descent forlanding but can be used during non-critical flight phases include but are not limited to: portable oxygen concentrators of non-certified brands (POC), laptops, and tablets.

For the small portable electronic devices that can be held with one hand and that can be used, if the cellular communication function is closed and the flight mode is selected, onboard for the duration of the flight, such as smart phones, e-books, video players, game consoles, etc., during the critical flight phases, peripheral devices such as earphones and charging ports should not be connected, and voice communications should not be used.

Electronic devices whose use is allowed onboard for the duration of the flight include but are not limited to: cardiac pacemakers, hearing aids, and life-sustaining electronic equipment (devices) that d not affect aircraft navigation and communication systems, such as portable oxygen concentrators of certified brands (POC).

When the crew detects electronic interference and suspects that the interference comes from the portable electronic device you are using and when the crew are to go through low-visibility operating procedures and initiate an emergency evacuation, in order to prevent interference with aircraft communications and precision navigation equipment, we have the right to demand you to shut down your portable electronic device.

4.5.3 Smoking ban on flights
Smoking is banned on all our flights and in all areas on board. E-cigarettes and synthetic vapor smoking devices are also prohibited.

4.5.4 Safety belt
When you are seated on the aircraft, you should fasten your safety belt for the duration of the flight.

4.6 Entry/Transit
4.6.1 Before you travel, you should understand in detail and abide by the relevant regulations of the country or region of exit, entry and transit. We are not responsible for any losses or adverse consequences suffered by you in violation of the above regulations during your travel.

4.6.2 If you are refused entry/transit, You should bear the transportation costs of your departure from the country or region.. We will not grant a refund on the fare for which we have transported you to the point of refusal of entry/transit.

4.6.3 If we are required to pay any fines and penalties and bear any expenses because you fail to comply with the laws, regulations, decrees or other travel regulations of the relevant country or region, or your fail to present the required documents, or you are denied exit, entry or transit for any reason, you shall reimburse us for all the amounts we have paid or any expenses we have borne.


Article 5 Refusal and limitation of carriage
5.1 Right to refuse carriage
In the exercise of our discretion, we can refuse to transport you to ensure the safety and order of air transportation if the following situations or similar situations occur or are likely to occur:

5.1.1 The carriage of you is in violation of any applicable laws, regulations, or orders of the country or region to be flown from, through, to or over;

5.1.2 The transportation of you may endanger or affect the safety, health, convenience, comfort of yours or other passengers or crew members. Examples:

A. Patients with known or suspected quarantine infectious diseases;

B. Those with special stench or special quirks, which may cause discomfort to other passengers;

5.1.3 Your mental, your behavior or physical state, including your impairment from alcohol or drugs, might endanger or harm the physical safety and property of yourself, other passengers and crew members. An example is that you are mentally ill and may cause harm to other passengers or yourself during the onset of the illness;

5.1.4 You have failed or are unable to observe our decrees or regulations with respect to safety, security and public health. Examples:

A. Those who are unable to take care of themselves due to injury, illness, infirmity or mental condition, who are not accompanied by a special person during the travel or whom the travel companion is unable to independently take care of or exercise any control over;

B. Those who carry devices for storing, generating or distributing oxygen.

5.1.5 You have refused to submit to a security check or your baggage has not be submitted to security check;

5.1.6 You have committed misconduct during the transport by air ever before, and we have reason to believe that such misconduct could occur again;

5.1.7 You have not paid the applicable fare, taxes, fees or charges;

5.1.8 You fail to present your valid travel document, or the valid travel document you present is not the same as that you presented at the time of ticket purchase, or you fail to present a valid travel document; or you refuse to hand over your travel documents to the crew for safekeeping by the crew based on relevant requirements;

5.1.9 You present a ticket that has been acquired unlawfully, or has been purchased from an entity other than us or our authorized sales service agents, or your ticket is a forged one;

5.1.10 You fail to observe the rules for non-smoking on board our aircraft or the use of electronic devices on board our aircraft;

5.1.11 You fail or refuse to obey the instructions of our crew members.

5.1.12 You fail to comply with the relevant requirements on baggage transportation set forth in these Conditions of Carriage.

5.2 Restricted carriage
5.2.1 Infants, minors, disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility, pregnant and lying-in women, injured, sick and post-operative passengers or other types of persons who need special assistance can be carried, provided we are informed in advance, our Conditions of Carriage are met, and we give our consent and make arrangements in advance.

5.2.2 Carriage of infants
Infant passengers should be accompanied by adults who have reached the age of 18 and have full capacity for civil conduct.

The infants we carry refer to those who were born 14 days after the date of travel (the 14th day from the day of birth) but are under 2 years old.

We do not provide air transportation services for premature babies less than 90 days old (newborns under 37 weeks of gestational age).

Each adult passenger can take up to two infants. One infant can be held in the arms of the adult passenger or sit on the adult’s lap, with the baby seat belt fastened. The other infant should occupy a separate seat. Infants occupying separate seats must be placed in a child (infant) restraint device which is approved by the aviation authorities, which you have prepared and which can be used on board, and such an infant must sit side by side with the adult. Moreover, it must be ensured that:

A. The child (infant) restraint device can be properly secured on the seat;

B. Infants can be properly fastened within the restraint device and their body weight shall not exceed the weight limit specified by the device;

C. During takeoff, landing, and taxiing of the aircraft, child restraint devices of such types as booster, vest, harness or knee hugging are not allowed.

5.2.3 Carriage of minors
5.2.3.1 Children who are 2 years old but less than 12 years old should be accompanied by adults who are at least 18 years old and have full capacity for civil conduct. Tickets with the same class of service as those of their travel companions should be purchased for infants.

Children who are at least 5 years of age but less than 12 years of age traveling on the plane, if not accompanied by an adult who is at least 18 years of age and has full capacity for civil conduct, should apply to us for unaccompanied children services in advance, and, subject to our consent, purchase tickets. There is a limit on the number of unaccompanied children carried on each flight, and we have the right to refuse carriage for this reason.

5.2.3.3 The service of unaccompanied minors is available for children who have reached the age of 12 and are under the age of 18 and travel alone, and such service can be requested of the passengers’ own accord.

5.2.3.4 You can check with us, our authorized sales agents or authorized ground service agents for our regulations and service fee collection standards on the carriage of unaccompanied minors.

5.2.4 Transportation of passengers with disabilities and reduced mobility
We will provide air transportation services for the disabled and passengers with reduced mobility who are fit for air travel in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations on air transportation of the disabled persons and passengers with reduced mobility. For details, please refer to the "Regulations on the Transportation of Disabled Passengers and Passengers with Reduced Mobility".

5.2.5 Carriage for pregnant women
5.2.5.1 Changes in the cabin environment and uncertain air turbulence may have adverse effects on pregnant women. We strongly recommend that pregnant women consult a doctor before travel to confirm if they are fit for air travel.

5.2.5.2For your safety, if you are pregnant less than 36 weeks, you need to present to us a pregnancy test report or a true and valid diagnosis certificate, signed or stamped by your doctor, indicating the number of weeks of your pregnancy. You can only be accepted for carriage after our verification of such documents

5.2.5.3We do not provide carriage to pregnant women over 36 weeks or more of pregnancy, for pregnant women whose expected date of labor is within 4 weeks (included), for pregnant women whose expected date of labor is approaching but whose exact date of labor still cannot be determined and who, it is already known, will have multiple births or are expected to have delivery complications, or for women who had childbirth less than 7 days ago or women who have shown signs of abortion.

5.2.5.4 You need to check-in at a physical check-in counter.

5.2.5.5 Even if you have met the requirements specified in 5.2.5.2, if you have obvious symptoms of discomfort, or if we reasonably decide that the continuation of your travel will bring danger to your personal safety, we still have the right refuse to carry you.

5.2.6 Transportation of injured and postoperative passengers
We will provide air transportation services for injured and postoperative passengers fit for air travel, as detailed in the "Air China Transportation Regulations on Injured, Sick and Post-operative Passengers"

5.3 Handling of the tickets after carriage refusal
If you are refused carriage based on Article 5 of these Conditions of Carriage, we will provide you with voluntary change or voluntary refund pursuant to Article 3.1.2 and 3.2.2 of these Conditions of Carriage.


Article 6 Carriage of baggage
6.1 Restrictions on the transportation of baggage
6.1.1 Items unacceptable as baggage
The following items cannot be carried as checked baggage, nor can they be taken into the cabin as unchecked baggage:

6.1.1.1 Items which are likely to endanger the aircraft or persons or property on board the aircraft, including but not limited to: explosive substances, devices and imitations (including ammunition, blasting equipment, pyrotechnic products, etc.); gases (including flammable and non-flammable non-toxic gases, toxic gases, compressed gases, etc.); flammable substances (including liquid combustibles, solid combustibles, such as lighters, matches, etc.) , spontaneous combustion substances and water-sensitive flammable substances; oxidants and organic peroxides; toxic substances and infectious substances; radioactive or magnetized substances; corrosive substances; dangerous or irritating substances and other dangerous goods.

6.1.1.2 Firearms and their main spare parts (including military, civilian, and public service guns; pistols, rifles, sub-machine guns, machine guns, anti-riot guns, air guns, shotguns, anesthesia injection guns, sample guns, prop guns, steel ball guns, tear gas guns, electric stun guns, etc.); state-controlled equipment such as controlled knives, ordnance, police equipment and other equipment regulated by the state (including batons, military or police knives, bayonets, electric shocks, defensive devices, crossbows, daggers, three-sided knives, three-sided knives for machining purposes) edge scrapers, knives with self-locking devices, single-edged knives that resemble daggers but longer than daggers, double-edged knives, and other similar single-edged, double-edged, three-edged sharp knives, etc.); other similar items and imitations of the above items.

Firearms and ammunition for sporting competition purposes can be accepted as checked baggage, subject to the requirements set forth in 6.2.5.3.

6.1.1.3 Items prohibited from transportation by laws, regulations, and decrees of the People's Republic of China or items prohibited from transportation by laws, regulations, or decrees of the countries of exit, entry or transit;

6.1.1.4 Items that, in our view, cannot be transported due to the following reasons: items that are not suitable for transportation due to the dangerous and unsafe nature of the items, or due to their weight, volume, packaging, shape, or nature; live animals (Section 6.2.5.1 of these . Conditions of Carriage) (except for service dogs); fresh and live items emitting unmistakable pungent odors (like durian), anesthetizing and offensive substances or items of similar nature.

6.1.1.5 Any items that a stranger requests you to bring for him/her.

If you want to know more about the items that cannot be transported as baggage, you can check with us, our authorized sales agents or authorized ground service agents.

6.1.2 Items you are NOT recommended to include in checked baggage for carriage
We strongly recommend that you not include the following items in or as checked baggage. You can take them into the cabin and take care of them yourself, provided that the requirements for unchecked baggage are met.

Important documents, commercial documents and information, valuable documents, currency, negotiable notes, jewelry, precious metals and their products, antique calligraphy and painting, fragile or fragile items, perishable items, samples, out-of-print printed matter or manuscripts, travel documents or Documents, electronic equipment (excluding spare batteries), medications that need to be taken regularly,ashes and musical instruments.

Our liabilities of compensation for the above-mentioned items are limited by these Conditions of Carriage as well as Chinese laws and international conventions.

6.1.3 Items restricted from carriage
Baggage of special shape, length, weight or of special nature, as well as items restricted from transportation as stipulated by applicable laws, rules and regulations and decrees can only be accepted for transportation if it meets our conditions for transportation and our consent is granted.

If you want to know more about the items restricted from carriage, see 6.2.5 and 6.3 of these Conditions of Carriage or contact us, our authorized sales agents or authorized ground service agents.

6.2 Checked Baggage
6.2.1 Packaging of checked baggage
6.2.1.1 Your checked baggage should be properly packed, properly buckled, tightly bound, able to withstand a certain amount of pressure, and be able to be safely loaded, unloaded and transported under normal operating conditions. At the same time, it shall meet our requirements for baggage packaging:

A. Baggage should be locked (except for special requirements).

B. No other items should be attached to the outside of the baggage.

C. Two or more pieces of baggage cannot be bundled as one piece of baggage.

D. Bamboo baskets, net bags, straw ropes, plastic bags, etc. cannot be used as the outer packaging of baggage.

For baggage whose packaging does not meet the requirements, we may refuse to accept it for transportation or, if we have accepted it for transportation, we will not be liable for any damage, except as otherwise provided for in Chinese laws and international conventions.

6.2.1.2 You should attach your name or other personal identification to the interior and exterior of your checked baggage.

6.2.1.3 After we receive your checked baggage, we will issue a baggage identification tag for each piece of your checked baggage.

6.2.2 Restrictions on the weight, size and number of checked baggage
The weight of each ordinary checked baggage shall not be less than 2 kg or 4 lbs, and shall not exceed 32 kg or 70 lbs.

The sum of the length, width, and height of each piece of ordinary checked baggage shall not be less than 60 cm or 24 inches, and shall not exceed 203 cm or 80 inches, including pulleys and handles. Items beyond the above restrictions shall not be transported as baggage.

Due to the limited capacity of the flight, we have the right to impose limitations on the maximum number of pieces of your checked baggage that are beyond the free baggage allowance.

6.2.3 Free allowance for checked baggage
We will determine your free baggage allowance based on the class of your ticket, the distance of the route and your membership level, etc. You can check with us, our authorized sales agent or our authorized ground service agents for your free baggage allowance.

If the class of service of your ticket is changed involuntarily, your free baggage allowance provided by your original class of service you have paid for still applies.

6.2.4 Charges for excess checked baggage
6.2.4.1 When your ordinary checked baggage exceeds the free baggage allowance standard, you need to pay the excess baggage fee for the excess baggage.

6.2.4.2 We will determine the excess baggage fees you need to pay based on the route of your ticket and the weight, size and number of pieces of excess baggage you check in. You can check with us, our authorized sales agents or authorized ground service agents for specific charging standards.

6.2.4.3 When we charge you excess baggage fees, we will issue a receipt for you.

6.2.4.4 Subject to our consent, you can collect your checked baggage at the stopover airport of the flight, and the excess baggage fees paid for the unused segment of the flight is not to be refunded.

6.2.5 Special checked baggage
Special checked baggage refers to checked baggage that is special due to its shape, length, weight or nature. Unless otherwise specified, the limit on the weight of each piece of special checked baggage is the same as that of ordinary checked baggage.

We will charge corresponding fees based on the route of your ticket and the type of special baggage you check in. You can check with us, our authorized aviation sales agents or authorized ground service agents for specific charging standards.

6.2.5.1 Small animals

The small animals to be carried are limited to domestic pet dogs and pet cats. However, cats, dogs and their hybrids that are prone to harm people and suffer from breathing problems, various dog and cat breeds that have short noses, dogs and cats that are pregnant, that were born no more than 8 weeks ago and that are in periods of breastfeeding, dogs and cats whose delivery was less than 7 days ago, or sick dos and cats are not accepted for carriage.

If you are to check in small animals, you shall make an application for carriage in advance and provide a quarantine certificate and all relevant documents or certificates required for exit, entry or transit, and small animals can only be carried after we grant our consent. You must ensure that your small animals are properly crated, the animal container meets our requirements, failing which your animals will not be accepted for carriage. We have the right to limit the number of small animals to be checked on each aircraft, and such small animals can only be transported in the cargo hold.

During the process of transportation, if your small animals fail to arrive on time because your animals are denied entry or transit by relevant countries, or the small animals are injured, get sick, escape or are dead under normal transportation conditions, we will have no liabilities, except as otherwise provided for in Chinese laws or international conventions.

You shall bear full responsibility for all damages or injuries that the animal may cause to other passengers or us, and we reserve the right to make claims against you later.

6.2.5.2 Sports gear

We transport only various types of equipment, devices and supplies used in competitive sports and fitness exercises. If you check sports equipment (except golf bags) that exceed the size limit of ordinary checked baggage, you should make an application in advance and such equipment can only be accepted for carriage with our consent. We can refuse to accept it for carriage if the conditions of the aircraft are not suitable for such transportation.

Your checked sports equipment shall be packed properly, packed in a way of the original factory, or packed professionally or in a way approved by us, in a way which can withstand a certain amount of pressure and which can ensure the baggage can be safely loaded, unloaded and transported under normal operating conditions. Any inflatable sports equipment must be deflated for transportation.

6.2.5.3 Shooting guns and bullets for competitive sports

We only carry guns and bullets for competitive shooting sports. You shall make an application to us in advance, and such items can only be accepted for carriage with our consent.

Firearms should be unloaded, secured, and individually and properly packaged according to our regulations. Each gun box shall contain no more than 2 rifles, or no more than 5 pistols; each passenger can check up to 5 kilograms of bullets (gross weight), and a single piece of checked baggage containing bullets must not exceed 5 kilograms.

6.2.5.4 Small electrical appliances, instruments and media equipment.

The small electrical appliances, instruments and media equipment we carry refer to the small electrical appliances, instruments and media equipment used in work and life that meet the size requirements of ordinary checked baggage.

Small electrical appliances, instruments and media equipment shall be packed properly, packed in the original way their manufacturers did or packed in a professional way. They need to be packaged well, locked properly, and tied firmly in a way which can withstand a certain amount of pressure and which can ensure the baggage can be safely loaded, unloaded and transported under normal operating conditions.

You can take the unchecked baggage into the cabin to and take care of it by yourself, provided the requirements for unchecked baggage are met.

6.2.5.5 Fishing gear

Fishing gear includes a tool box, a fishing basket or canvas bag, a pair of fishing rods and their packaging bags or box.



Fishing gear can only be transported as checked baggage, and you shall pack the checked fishing gear properly.

6.2.5.6 Musical instruments

Musical instruments can be transported as checked baggage. You shall submit an application to us in advance, and it is only after we grant our consent can they be transported. Overweight and oversized musical instruments such as piano, harp, timpani, etc. cannot be transported as baggage.

Musical instruments shall be packed properly, packed to the maximum extent possible in the original way their manufacturers did or packed in a professional way. They need to be packaged well, locked properly, and tied firmly to such an extent as to withstand a certain amount of pressure for safe loading, unloading and transportation by baggage personnel.

You can take the unchecked baggage into the cabin and take care of it by yourself, provided the requirements for unchecked baggage are met.

6.2.5.7 Aquatic products

The aquatic products we carry refer to animal and plant products and processed products produced by marine and freshwater fisheries. When aquatic products are checked as baggage, the restrictions on their size and weight are the same as ordinary checked baggage and can only be transported on domestic flights.

Aquatic products should be firmly packed and sealed to ensure no peculiar smell and liquid escapes during the transportation. They should be crated in foam boxes encased in cardboard boxes. Foam boxes should have four sides, bottom and top, and the sides of the boxes shall not be less than 2 cm in thickness, with no damage or cracks. The bottom of the foam box should be covered with absorbent materials, such as absorbent paper, absorbent sponge or sawdust. The cardboard box and the foam box must match, and it it forbidden to stick two foam boxes into one cardboard box. Damp, deformed, or recycled foam boxes are not acceptable as packaging for aquatic products.

You should bear full responsibility for any personal injury or property damage that might arise from the aquatic products during the transportation.

6.2.5.8 Alcoholic drinks

Alcoholic drinks can only be transported as checked baggage. Their labels should be comprehensive and clear and seen in retail packaging, and the volume of each container should not exceed 5L. The outer packaging should be solid and sealed to ensure that no peculiar smells are emitted and no liquid leaks. There are no restrictions on the quantity transported when the volume percentage of alcohol is less than or equal to 24%, but each passenger can check up to 5L when the volume percentage of alcohol is greater than 24% and less than or equal to 70%. We will refuse carriage when the volume percentage of bulk wines/liquor and alcohol is greater than 70%.

If there are more stringent legal and regulatory requirements for the origin, transit, and destination of flights, we will comply with the applicable local laws and regulations.

6.2.5.9 Dry ice

Subject to our consent, when your perishable items need to be kept fresh, you can carry dry ice up to 2.5 kg (5 lbs) as checked or unchecked baggage. The dry ice packages must have vent holes. When the items are to be transported as checked baggage, and the baggage must carry the lettering "carbon dioxide" or "dry ice".

6.2.5.10 Small medical or clinical mercury-containing thermometers

They can only be transported as checked baggage. You can only check up to one such thermometer, and place it in a safety box.

6.2.5.11 Sharp objects, blunt objects, tools and other similar items other than controlled knives

Sharp objects, blunt objects, tools and other similar items other than controlled knives include, but are not limited to: kitchen knives, fruit knives, table knives, handicraft knives, scalpels, scissors, steel files, axes, short sticks, hammers, drills (including drills), chisels, cones, saws, bolt guns, nail guns, screwdrivers, crowbars, hammers, pliers, welding guns, wrenches, axes, hatchets (axes), vernier calipers, ice axes, ice crushers, darts, slingshots, bows, arrows, buzzer self-defense devices, etc.

Such items can only be transported as checked baggage. The restraints on the sizes of such items to be checked are the same as those on ordinary checked baggage. When such items are checked separately, they shall be packaged in such a way that they won’t cause any harm and cannot be easily identified.

6.2.5.12 Electric wheelchairs and electric equipment for increased mobility.

We only accept applications for the transportation of electric wheelchairs or electric equipment for increased mobility used by passengers with reduced mobility due to disabilities or health conditions. Electric wheelchairs or electric equipment for increased mobility are not subject to the weight and size restrictions of ordinary checked baggage, but can only be transported after we grant our consent. The electric wheelchair or electric equipment for increased mobility for your journey should be checked in at the check-in counter.

The electric wheelchair or electric equipment for increased mobility shall in compliance with the relevant provisions on the transportation of dangerous goods and meet the requirements on the number of such electric wheelchairs and the number of pieces of such electric equipment for increased mobility set forth in applicable laws.

The electric wheelchair or electric equipment for increased mobility you check in should meet our relevant regulations on the transportation of dangerous goods, and you can check no more than two checked electric wheelchairs or two pieces of electric equipment for increased mobility for free.

Our electric wheelchair service is applicable to electric wheelchairs and electric equipment for increased mobility fitted with non-leakage batteries, leakage batteries, and lithium batteries. For the capacity of wheelchairs of lithium batteries, the rated power shall not exceed 300 watt hours. If the wheelchair is powered by two batteries, the rated power of any one of the batteries must not exceed 160 watt-hours. At the same time, one extra battery with a rated power of no more than 300 watt-hours or two spare batteries with a rated power of no more than 160 watt-hours can be carried at the same time.

If the electric wheelchair battery can be removed, it should be. The two poles of the removed battery and spare battery should be insulated to prevent short circuit, and you should take the batteries with you.

6.2.6 Declared value services for baggage
We can provide declaration value service for checked baggage. You can apply for a value declaration for your checked baggage of your own discretion, but the checked baggage with declared value should be subject to the relevant provisions of our checked baggage and value declaration service.

6.2.7 Collection and delivery of checked baggage
6.2.7.1 You should check and claim your checked baggage as soon as possible with your baggage identification tags at your destination or stopover airport. If necessary, you should present your ticket for inspection by us or our authorized ground service agent. Only the holder of the baggage identification tags has the right to claim the checked baggage. We will not confirm whether the person claiming the baggage is indeed you, and will not be held liable for the losses and expenses incurred thereby.

6.2.7.2 If you cannot present your baggage identification tags but request claiming your checked baggage, you can only claim it after providing certificates approved by us.

6.2.7.3 If your checked baggage is not claimed within 90 days from the date of its arrival, we will dispose of the baggage without notifying you and we will not shoulder any liabilities for that. For the perishable items in your baggage, we have the right to dispose of them 72 hours after the baggage arrives without shouldering any liabilities.

6.2.7.4 Your checked baggage will be carried on the same plane as you as far as possible, unless it may be carried or terminated by subsequent flights due to operational, safety or security reasons. If your checked baggage is transported on a subsequent flight due to your reasons, you need to pick it up at the airport yourself. Otherwise, we will deliver it to you free of charge, unless otherwise provided for applicable laws, regulations and decrees.

6.2.7.5 If your checked baggage is missing or your checked baggage is lost after you arrive at your destination, please report it to us immediately.

6.2.8 "Fully authorized" baggage through service for checked baggage
6.2.8.1 For flights involving domestic-to-international or international-to-domestic connections operated by Air China for the whole journey, if "full commission" non-baggage claim service is available at the customs of the connecting airport, we will provide "full commission" service at the departure airport to have your baggage checked through to the final destination. At the connecting airport, you do not need to claim your checked baggage, and you authorize us to handle the customs procedures for the checked baggage on your behalf. If need be, we will go through the opening and inspection procedures for your checked baggage according to customs requirements. Do not put any items that should be declared to Chinese customs into such checked baggage.

6.2.8.2 You shall bear the responsibilities related to customs declaration and inspection. We are not responsible for baggage delays or losses caused by customs inspections.

6.2.9Payments for temporary living expenses

If your destination is not your place of residence, and if your baggage fails to arrive on the same plane due to our reasons, causing you to stay overnight without baggage and thus causing inconvenience to your stay, we will provide you with a one-time payment for your temporary living expenses. The standards are detailed in the "Air China’s Payments for Passengers’ Temporary Living Expenses".

6.3 Unchecked Baggage
6.3.1 Restrictions on the weight, size and number of pieces of unchecked baggage
The weight of a single piece of unchecked baggage carried by each passenger in first class and business class shall not exceed 8 kg or 17 pounds; the weight of a single piece of unchecked baggage carried by each passenger in premium economy class and economy class shall not exceed 5 kg or 11 pounds ；

Each piece of unchecked baggage shall not exceed 55 cm or 22 inches, 40 cm or 16 inches, 20 cm or 8 inches in length, width, and height respectively, including pulleys and handles. It must be ensured that the baggage can fit into the overhead closed baggage compartment .

Each passenger in first class and business class can carry 2 pieces of unchecked baggage; each passenger in premium economy class and economy class can carry 1 piece of unchecked baggage;

In addition, you can also carry 1 personal item that can be stowed under the seat in front of you, such as handbag, briefcase, laptop bag, camera bag or other items of similar sizes or smaller items.

Passengers traveling with infants can also carry infant food and infant diapers on the flight; a portable foldable baby stroller that can be taken into the cabin, with its length, width and height after stroller is folded not exceeding 55 cm (22 inches) in length, 40 cm (16 inches) in length and 20 cm (8 inches) in width. Any strollers with dimensions that go beyond what’s specified above will be transported as checked baggage.

Auxiliary items such as crutches, prostheses, electronic cochleae, hearing aids, sticks for the blind, glasses for the blind, visual aids, folding manual wheelchairs and the likes to be used from time to time on the flights by disabled, injured and sick passengers with reduced mobility can be brought into the cabin, unless they pose safety hazards. If there is no storage facility or space in the cabin, it can be checked in for free.

6.3.2 Service dogs
For the specific requirements on service dogs in the cabin, please refer to the "Regulations on the Transportation of Disabled Passengers and Passengers with Reduced Mobility of Air China Limited"

6.3.3 Portable oxygen concentrators (POC)
The portable oxygen concentrators (POC) that we carry refer to devices that separate oxygen in the air through molecular sieve technology and provide users with oxygen with an oxygen concentration of ≥90±3%. The devices do not have pressure storage components an distribution mechanism, and do not produce oxygen independently under pressure.

For passengers who need to use their POCs for the entire flight, they should contact with us in advance and provide a Physician Statement approved by us. Passengers must have an ample supply of fully charged batteries plus three hours of extra battery time for the flight. POC should be authorized and we shall take no responsibility for the POC. Lithium-ion batteries with a lithium content below 2 grams or with a rated energy lower than 100 watt-hours are not subject to 6.3.8. You shall take responsibility of the function and state of your POC.

6.3.4 Continuous positive pressure ventilator
The continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) we carry refers to devices used to prevent you from snoring during sleep. Such devices can only be used during cruising phase of the flight.

6.3.5 Seat occupying baggage
If you need an extra seat for your baggage, you should make an application to us for the service in advance and pay the relevant fees.

Unless otherwise provided for in clause 6.3.6 of these conditions, the weight of the seat occupying baggage shall not exceed 75 kg or 165 lbs in weight, and the linear dimensions of such baggage, including those of the packaging, shall not exceed 100 cm or 40 inches, 60 cm or 24 inches, 40 cm or 16 inches in length, width and height respectively.

The class of service of the ticket you purchase for your seat-occupying baggage should be the same as that of your ticket on which you travel. The seat occupied by the baggage should be immediately next to you, with no aisle in between. Seat-occupying baggage must not hinder you and other passengers from evacuation, or block the outside view by the window, and shall not obscure any passenger notices and exit signage.

6.3.6 Seat occupying musical instruments
When musical instruments are transported as seat-occupying baggage, you should make an application to us for the service in advance and pay the relevant fees.

The weight of musical instruments as seat-occupying baggage shall not exceed 75 kg or 165 lbs, and the length, width, and height including the package shall not exceed 140 cm or 55 inches, 50 cm or 20 inches, 40 cm or 16 inches respectively.

The class of service of the ticket you purchased for your seat occupying musical instrument should be the same ash the class of service of the ticket on which you travel. The seat occupied by the musical instrument should be immediately next to you, with no aisle in between, and can only be stowed on the floor by the window. Seat occupying musical instrument shall not hinder you and other passengers from evacuation, and shall not block the outside view by the window, and must not obscure any passenger notices for passengers and exit signage.

6.3.7 Human ashes
Human ashes should be properly packaged to ensure that the contents inside the packaging are not easily identifiable. If you want an extra seat for the ashes, the relevant requirements set forth in 6.3.5 of these Conditions of Carriage apply.

6.3.8 Spare batteries, mobile power sources
Spare batteries for portable electronic devices (including lithium batteries, nickel-metal hydride batteries and various types of dry batteries), mobile power sources (including power banks and various types of mobile charging equipment) can only be transported as unchecked baggage, and shall not be carried as checked baggage or packed in checked baggage.

The rated energy of the lithium battery mobile power source you carry shall not exceed 160 watt hours, and you can only carry up to 2 regardless of the rated energy.

You can only carry up to 8 spare lithium batteries and lithium battery mobile power sources, and up to 2 of the following three types:

Spare lithium-ion batteries with a rated energy between 100 watt-hours and 160 watt-hours;

Spare lithium metal batteries with a lithium content between 2 grams and 8 grams;

Lithium battery mobile power sources with rated energy between 100 watt hours and 160 watt hours.

It is strictly forbidden to carry the lithium batteries with safety defects recalled by the manufacturer and the lithium batteries and lithium battery mobile power sources without clear lettering indicating their rated energy or their lithium metal content. It is strictly forbidden to carry lithium battery mobile power sources no for personal use. It is strictly forbidden to use lithium battery mobile power during the flight.

6.3.9 Mercury barometer or mercury thermometer for meteorology
Meteorological mercury barometers or mercury thermometers can only be transported as unchecked baggage. Subject to our consent, each representative of the Meteorological Administration of the government or similar official agencies may carry one mercury barometer or mercury thermometer.

Mercury barometer or mercury thermometer for meteorological purposes should be placed in solid packaging. Inside the packaging it must be sealed off hermetically with an inner material or a sturdy leak-proof and anti-penetration material bag. The packaging shall be such as to prevent any mercury leakage.


Article 7 Overbooking
7.1 General provisions
7.1.1 In order to ensure that more passengers can take their desired flights and reduce the seats that might otherwise go empty due to temporary cancellation of travel plans by some passengers, we might overbook some flights to a reasonable extent.

7.1.2 We will take into full consideration the routes, flight schedules, times, aircraft types and flight connections to come up with reasonable proportion of overbookings to the number of available seats on each flight so that the number of passengers being denied boarding due to overbooking can be minimized.

7.1.3 If the actual number of passengers on board exceeds the actual number of available seats due to overbooking, we will look for passengers who voluntarily give up their itineraries, based on our procedures for soliciting volunteers. In the case where we fail to have enough passengers who voluntarily give up the itineraries, we will refuse boarding to some passengers.I We can issue proof of denied boarding for you upon request.

7.2 Procedure for providing information and soliciting volunteers
If an overbooking occurs on a flight, we will, before flight departure, release information about the overbooked flight through telephone, text messages, notices or on-site broadcasts, solicit volunteers who are willing to give up their itineraries, and make clear the relevant compensation and service standards.

7.3 Rules on priority boarding
Where we fail to recruit enough volunteers, we will designate the passengers for priority boarding, based on the principles of public order and conscience, the needs of special passengers such as the elderly, the young, the sick, and the disabled, as well as the subsequent flight connections and other factors and also taking into consideration the following sequence:

1. Passengers on emergency official duties for the country;

2. Personnel from the Organ Acquisition Organization (OPO) who carry donated organs;

3. Old, weak, sick, disabled, pregnant passengers and unaccompanied minors who have special service needs with the consent of Air China and for whom arrangements have been made in advance;

4. Active duty military, police and fire fighting and rescue personnel with valid ID documents;

5. Passengers who have reserved seats on subsequent connecting flights and cannot connect to subsequent flights by the change of the previous flight;

6. We will designate the passengers for priority boarding based on the class of service from highest to lowest. For the same class, passengers who are "PhoenixMiles" or Star Alliance members will get priority boarding.

7.4 Compensation for denied boarding
7.4.1 Compensation standards
We will determine your compensation amounts based on the class of service of your ticket, the distance of the route, and the planned departure times of the new subsequent flight you have been arranged on and the original flight. The compensation standards are detailed in the "Compensation Standards for Overbooking and Involuntary Class Downgrades of Air China Limited Flights".If you do not fully comply with the relevant requirements on ticketing, travel and restricted carriage specified in these Conditions of Carriage or if you fall into the category of those to be denied boarding based on these Conditions of Carriage, you will not qualify for compensation for denied boarding.

If compensation standards for overbooking or denied boarding are specified in the laws of the countries and regions linked to the flight, we will determine your compensation amount in accordance with such applicable laws and regulations.

7.4.2 Methods of compensation
We will provide compensation to you in a mutually agreed manner in the forms of cash, proportional transportation credit voucher, electronic compensation vouchers, or consumable mileage.

7.5 Services after denied boarding
If you fail to take the original flight due to overbooking, we can provide you with the following service guarantees:

We will, based on 3.1.3 of these Conditions of Carriage, provide you with involuntary change service and arrange you on the earliest available flight, to ensure your departure as soon as possible. If the flight arranged for you is on the next day or later than that, we will provide with free meals and accommodations; or

We will grant you involuntary refund based on 3.2.3 of these Conditions of Carriage.

If there are specific requirements in the laws and regulations of the countries and regions involved in the flight, we will provide services to you in accordance with such applicable laws and regulations


Article 8 Flight delays, cancellations and diversions
8.1 General provisions
8.1.1 The flight time or aircraft type stated in the flight schedule is not part of the air transportation contract between us and you, and may change between the day of its announcement and the day you actually start your travel.

8.1.2 After ticket purchase, we may change the flight schedule and keep you informed of such changes through the contact information reserved at the time of ticket purchase, such as your SMS or email.

8.1.3 We will take all measures that can be reasonably required to avoid delay, cancellation and diversion of your flight. If we have taken all measures that can be reasonably required or it is impossible to take such measures, we will not be liable for any losses caused to you, unless otherwise provided for in Chinese laws and international conventions.

8.2 Services after flight delays, cancellations and diversions
8.2.1 Ticketing services
After the flight is delayed, cancelled or diverted, you can opt to have your ticket changed or get a refund on your ticket based on these Conditions of Carriage. Subject to your consent, we can also transport you, by other means of transportation agreed upon by both you and us, to the destination point stated on you ticket, without you being charged any additional fee.

After your flight is canceled, you can also opt to get a refund on your ticket without being charged the refund handling fee, despite the restrictions specified in the conditions of use of your ticket.

8.2.2 Information services
If your flight is delayed or cancelled at the place of origin, or delayed or cancelled at a stopover, or is diverted, we will provide you with flight status information as required.

8.2.3 Meals and accommodation services
If your flight is delayed or cancelled at the place of departure due to the reasons on our part such as maintenance, flight scheduling, crew, etc., we will provide you with meals and accommodation services according to the actual situation and the regulations.

If your flight is delayed or cancelled in the place of departure due to reasons not on our part related to weather, unexpected event, air traffic control, security, and passenger check, we will help arrange meals and accommodations for you according to the actual situation, and you shall be responsible for all related expenses incurred.

We will provide you with meals and accommodation services as required if, for any reasons, your flight is delayed or canceled at the stopover site or your flight is diverted.

If the requirement is also specified in the laws and regulations of the countries and regions linked to the flight, we will provide services to you in accordance with such applicable laws and regulations.

8.2.4 Proof of flight delays or cancellations
We will provide you with written proof of your flight delay or cancellation upon request. This written certificate shall not be used as the basis for us to granted involuntary ticket changes and involuntary refunds, and to provide related services and compensation for you.

8.3 Compensation in the case of flight delays
8.3.1 Conditions and standards on the compensation
If your flight is delayed due to reasons on our part, we will provide compensation based on the actual situations of delay. If the actual length of delay is four(4) hours or more, but less than eight(8) hours, the compensation for each passenger is RMB 200. If the actual length of delay is eight(8) hours or above, the compensation for each passenger is RMB 400, except as otherwise provided for by applicable laws.

If the flight delay or cancellation requirements are specified in the laws and regulations of the country or region involved in the flight, we will provide compensation to you in accordance with such applicable laws and regulations.

8.3.2 Methods of compensation
We will provide compensation to you in a mutually agreed manner in the forms of cash, proportional transportation credit voucher, electronic compensation vouchers, or consumable mileage.


Article 9 Additional services
9.1 We provide additional services such as paid seat and prepaid baggage, subject to what your actually need. You need to pay for such services, and such fees are not included in the fare.

9.2 If you need to change or cancel the additional services you have booked, you should contact us as soon as possible. We will help you go through the change or cancellation procedures for you in accordance with the applicable rules of the additional services you have purchased.

9.3 When your flight is delayed or canceled, or you are denied boarding due to overbooking of the flight, after we have granted you involuntary change of or refund on your ticket, we will also grant you refunds on the additional service products you have purchased .

9.4 You can consult us for specific rules on additional services.


Article 10 Channels for complaints handling
Your complaints will be accepted and handled through the following channels:

Email: customer_relations@airchina.com

Hotline for complaints: (+86-10) 95583

Fax for complaints: (+86-10)64595832

Mailbox: Room 4004, 4th Floor, No. 16, Tianzhu West Road, Shunyi District, Beijing, China Air China Co., Ltd. Product Service Department Customer Relations Maintenance Center Zip Code: 101312


Article 11 Liability for damages
11.1 General provisions
11.1.1 Our liability for damages incurred by you during air transportation is bound by Chinese law, applicable international conventions and these Conditions of Carriage. We are only liable for your actual damage caused by our actual air transportation activities in accordance with these Conditions of Carriage and the limits of liability stipulated by Chinese laws or applicable international conventions. If no Chinese laws or applicable international conventions can be cited, these Conditions of Carriage apply. The transportation responsibilities of other carriers related to you in your travel are subject to the laws of the country where they are located and the conditions of carriage of the carriers in question.

11.1.2 We are not liable for any losses caused by our compliance with applicable laws and international conventions or your failure to comply with such applicable laws and international conventions.

11.1.3 Unless otherwise specified in these Conditions of Carriage, our liability to you based on applicable laws or conventions is limited to the direct losses proven by the evidence you provide. We are not responsible for any indirect, punitive, disciplinary, or other non-compensatory losses.

11.1.4 If the damage is caused or contributed to by the fault of you or the claimant, our liability shall be exempted or reduced accordingly in accordance with applicable laws or international conventions.

11.1.5 Unless expressly provided for, these Conditions of Carriage shall not make us waive any provisions in applicable laws or conventions that exempt us from or limit our liabilities.

11.1.6 Our contract of carriage, including these Conditions of Carriage and provisions on exemption of liabilities or limitation on liabilities, also applies to our agents and employees. In any case, the total amount of compensation received from us and our agents and employees shall not exceed our limits of liability under applicable laws or international conventions

11.2 Liability for compensation for personal injury
Events that occur on a civil aircraft or during your embarkation on or disembarkation from a civil aircraft: for losses from the personal injury or death, when it comes to domestic air transportation, we will be liable based on the "Civil Aviation Law of the People's Republic of China" and the state’s relevant provisions on the limitations of liability in domestic air transportation; when it comes to international air transportation defined by international conventions, we will be liable based on such international conventions; when it comes to the international air transportation not defined by the Warsaw Convention, the Hague Protocol, or the Montreal Convention, we shall be liable for compensation in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Montreal Convention. However, we are not liable for any illness, injury, disability, death, etc. caused or aggravated by your physical condition.

11.3 Liability for damage to baggage
11.3.1 We are not responsible for any loss of baggage that occurs due to the natural attributes, inherent defects, quality or defects of the baggage itself. You should ensure that the outer packaging is in good condition and the contents of your baggage are well packaged. We are not responsible for the losses caused to you because your baggage is not properly packaged.

11.3.2 Unless the loss occurs by the misconduct of us, our agents and employees, we shall not be liable for the loss of your unchecked baggage.

11.3.3 If your baggage is damaged and you have not applied for value declaration services and paid related additional fees, we shall be liable for compensation according to the reduced value of the baggage, including repairs, cash compensation, etc., within the liability limits stipulated by relevant applicable laws or international conventions. If you have applied for the declared value services and paid the relevant additional fees, we shall be liable within the amounts of the declared value, but the maximum amounts shall not exceed the actual benefits of the baggage when it is delivered at the destination.

11.3.4 We are not responsible for any damage caused by your baggage or contents. You shall be liable for the damage caused by your baggage or its contents to others, their property, including other baggage or its contents, and to our property.

11.3.5 For losses arising from the destruction, loss or damage of the checked baggage, as long as the event that caused the destruction, loss or damage has occurred on the aircraft or during any period where the checked baggage is under our control: for domestic air transportation, we assume responsibility based on the "Civil Aviation Law of the People's Republic of China" and the country's relevant domestic air transportation carrier liability limits; for international air transportation defined by international conventions, the liability provisions of the corresponding international conventions shall apply; for international air transportation not defined by the Warsaw Convention, the Hague Protocol, and the Montreal Convention, we shall refer to the relevant provisions of the Montreal Convention. Liability.

11.3.6 In the event that we are liable for baggage compensation to you in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions of Carriage, we will bear the liability for baggage compensation according to the damage actually incurred within the compensation limit specified below: for domestic air transportation, the compensation limit for non-checked baggage of each passenger is RMB 3000, and the compensation limit for checked baggage of each passenger is RMB 100 per kilogram. When it comes to the international air transportation defined by the Montreal Convention, the compensation liability shall be based on the baggage compensation liability limits stipulated by the Montreal Convention; when it comes to the international air transportation defined by the Warsaw Convention, the compensation liability shall be based on the compensation liability limits for checked baggage and unchecked baggage stipulated by the Warsaw Convention.

11.3.7 If there are items in your baggage that cannot be transported as baggage as specified in paragraphs 6.1.1 of these Conditions of Carriage, we will not be liable for the loss of, damage to or confiscation of such items, unless otherwise provided for in Chinese laws and international conventions.

If you do not file an objection within the above-mentioned time period, you shall not file a suit against us.

11.3.8 When the checked baggage is delivered and the holder of the baggage identification tags accepts the checked baggage without raising any objections, this is the preliminary evidence that the checked baggage has been delivered in good condition and is in conformity with the contract of carriage, unless you provide evidence to the contrary. If your checked baggage is damaged, you should notify us in writing immediately when you find it, and at the latest within 7 days from the date of receipt of the checked baggage. If your checked baggage is delayed, you should, at the latest, raise an objection to or make claims against us in writing within 21 days from the day of the delivery of the checked baggage to you.

If you do not file an objection within the above-mentioned time period, you shall not file a suit against us.

11.3.9 We will grant a refund on the excess baggage fee that you have paid when making compensation for your lost baggage.

11.4 Liability for third-party services
If we arrange for you a service other than air transportation provided by a third party, or if we issue you a ticket or receipt of payment for ground transportation, hotel reservations, or vehicle ride provided by a third party (non-air) transportation or service, when arranging the above services, we are only an intermediary between you and the service provider. You and the third-party service provider shall directly conclude a contract, and the terms and conditions established by the service provider apply. We are not responsible for whether you can get such services or the quality of the services. The terms and conditions of the third-party service provider apply to such services.


Article 12 Other provisions
12.1 The short headings under each clause in these Conditions of Carriage are for convenience only and are not used to interpret the contents of the clauses.

12.2 These Conditions of Carriage are written in Chinese and translated into other language versions. When inconsistencies between the Chinese version and other language versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.

12.3 The rules for voluntary refunds and changes of domestic and international tickets, the transportation requirements for passengers with disabilities and reduced mobility, the compensation standards for passengers who have been refused boarding due to overbooking, the compensation standards for passengers who have been involuntarily downgraded, the transportation requirements for the injured and postoperative passengers, and the amounts of payment for temporary living expenses will be frequently changed and therefore have been formulated separately. Specifically, the "Air China Implementation Rules for Voluntary Refund and Voluntary Change on Domestic Tickets", the "Air China Implementation Rules for Voluntary Refund and Voluntary Change on International Tickets", the "Regulations on the Transportation of Disabled Passengers and Passengers with Reduced Mobility of Air China Limited", and the "Compensation Standards for Overbooking and Involuntary Class Downgrades of Air China Limited Flights", the "Air China Regulations on Injured, Sick and Postoperative Passengers Transportation" and the "Air China Standards on Payments for Temporary Living Expenses" are part of these Conditions of Carriage.


Article 13 Definitions
The “Conditions of Carriage”: refers to the "General Conditions of Carriage of Air China Co., Ltd.". Unless otherwise specified, the following terms in these Conditions have the following meanings:

13.1 “We”: means Air China Limited.

13.2 “You” or “Passenger”: means any person, except members of the crew, carried or to be carried in a civil aircraft pursuant to a ticket.

13.3 Carrier”: means a public air transportation enterprise that carry passengers and baggage in order to earn profits.

13.4 "Ticketing carrier": refers to the carrier that uses the ticket stock and ticket numbers of the carrier to sign an air transportation contract with the passenger.

13.5 “Operating carrier": means a carrier that performs related transportation under the authorization of the issuing carrier.

13.6 "Authorized sales agent": refers to a passenger transportation sales agent company authorized by us to sell our air transportation services on our behalf and within the framework of our authorization.

13.7 "Authorized ground service agent": refers to an enterprise authorized by us to provide ground service agency services for air transportation of passengers and baggage on our behalf and within the agreed scope of authorization.

13.8 "Ticket" is a type of transportation certificate, including paper ticket and electronic ticket.

13.9 "Conditions of use of ticket": It means the applicable conditions of use of fares applicable to the designated seat class codes or fare types.

13.10"Ticket Change" refers to situations where flight schedules, flight dates, class, carrier (endorsement), etc., are changed.

13.11 “Flight”, refers to the act of flying performed along a specific air route at a specific time on a specific date.

13.12 “Agreed Stopping Place”: refers to the place, except the place of departure and the place of destination, set out in the ticket or shown in our timetables as scheduled stopping places on your route.

13.13 "Class of service": refers to the classification of aircraft cabin configurations, including first class, business class, premium economy class, and economy class.

13.14 "Classes": refers to the class code shown on your ticket.

13.15 "Fare": refers to the price of air transportation services provided by the carrier using civil aircraft to transport passengers from the airport of departure to the airport of destination, excluding the taxes and fees collected in accordance with national regulations.

13.16 "Normal fare": means the highest fare of first class, business class, premium economy class and economy class during the applicable period.

13.17 "Special fare" means other fares that are not normal fares.

13.18"Reservation/booking": means the reservation of your reserved seat, classes, or the weight and volume of baggage.

13.19 "Valid ID": means the valid certificate required by the relevant government authorities to prove your identity that you should present when purchasing tickets and boarding flights.

13.20 "Valid travel documents": include valid ID documents and all other documents for exit, entry, transit and health required by laws, regulations, decrees or other regulations of other relevant countries or regions.

13.21 "At least X years old": refers to the calculation based on the year, month and day of the Gregorian calendar, starting from the day of the first birthday.

13.22"Fail to Check in":refers to your failure to complete the flight check-in procedures within the prescribed time, or your failure to travel because your travel documents are not in compliance with relevant rules and regulations.

13.23"Fail to Board":refers to the situation where you fail to get on board your flight after check-in is completed at the departure airport or the transit airport shown on your ticket.

13.24 "Take a wrong flight": means the situation where you have taken a flight that is not shown on the ticket.

13.25 “Baggage” :means the necessary, and an appropriate quantity of, personal articles that you wear and use for convenience and comfort during the travel.

13.26 “Checked baggage” means the baggage which you hand over to the carrier for transportation and for which we have issued the baggage identification tag.

13.27 “Unchecked Baggage” means any of your baggage, other than checked baggage, which you taken into the cabin and you are to take care of by yourself.

13.28 “Baggage identification tag” means a document issued solely for identification of checked baggage.

13.29 “Overbooking” means the situation where the carrier sells more seats than the number of seats available on a flight in order to reduce the number of seats that would otherwise go empty.

13.30 "Volunteer" means the passenger who, in response to the carrier's call, is willing to accept conditions of compensation provided by the carrier and give up his/her reserved seat on his/her flight.

13.31 "Transportation Credit Voucher (TCV)" refers to a special transportation document issued by us to provide various types of compensation to passengers, which can be used, in favor of the passenger named on it or another person designated by the passenger, to exchange for a ticket on a flight operated by us, or to pay excess baggage fees, fare differences, change handling fees, etc. But TCV cannot be used to pay various taxes. TCV is valid within one year from the date of its issuance.

13.32 "Electronic compensation voucher": refers to a form of compensation for services or damages that we offer passengers as an alternative to compensation in cash.

13.33 "Consumable Mileage": means the mileage which you earn, based on our rules, when flying on the member carriers of Air China system Air China’s partner carriers, or making purchases at non-airline partners (excluding special retailers), or participating in "PhoenixMiles" promotions, etc., and which can be used for awards.

13.34 "Domestic air transportation” means the transportation where, according to the contract of transportation signed by you and us, the place of departure, the destination and the agreed stopping place are all situated in the People’s Republic of China.

13.35 "International air transportation” means the transportation where, according to the contract of transportation signed by you and us, the place of departure. or the destination or the agreed stopping place, whether or not there is a break in the transportation or a connection, is not situated in the People’s Republic of China.

13.36 "The laws of the People's Republic of China" or "the laws of China": refer to the laws of the People's Republic of China, except for the laws of the Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan Region of the People's Republic of China for the purpose of these Conditions of Carriage.

13.37“Conventions” means whichever of the following instruments is applicable:

The Convention for the Unification of Certain Rules Relating to International Carriage by Air, signed at Warsaw, October 12, 1929(Warsaw Convention, in short; for details, see http://www.caac.gov.cn/XXGK/XXGK/GJGY/201510/t20151029_8979.html);

The Warsaw Convention as amended at The Hague on September 28, 1955(Hague Protocol, in short; for details, see http://www.caac.gov.cn/XXGK/XXGK/GJGY/201510/t20151029_8978.html);

The Convention for the Unification of Certain Rules for International Carriage by Air, done at Montreal on May 28 , 1999(Montreal Convention, in short; for details, see http://www.caac.gov.cn/XXGK/XXGK/GJGY/201510/t20151029_8976.html).

13.38 "Flight departure delay" refers to the situation where the adjusted scheduled flight departure time or the actual flight departure time is over 15 minutes later than the scheduled flight departure time shown on the ticket.

13.39"Flight arrival delay" refers to the situation where the time the wheel choke is placed after the flight arrives is over 15 minutes later than the scheduled flight arrival time.

13.40"Advance flight departure" refers to the situation where the adjusted scheduled flight departure time is earlier than the scheduled flight departure time shown on the ticket.


Article 14 Entry into force and modifications
14.1 These Conditions come into force on January 1, 2025. From date of its coming into force, the General Conditions of Carriage for Passengers and Baggage, Air China Ltd. published on September 6, 2024 are rescinded at the same time. Tickets purchased before January 1, 2025 will still be subject to the General Conditions applicable at the time of purchase.

14.2 We have the right to modify these Conditions of Carriage and other documents that are part of these Conditions of Carriage without prior notice, but such modifications do not apply to the transportation that has already started or tickets already purchased before such modifications are made.

14.3 Our employees and agents have no right to change, modify or waive any provisions in these Conditions of Carriage.

14.4 The right to interpret these Conditions of Carriage resides with Air China Co., Ltd. If you have any questions about any specifics of these Conditions of Carriage, please directly check with us. Our written reply (including email) to you is deemed binding, and any other way of reply not binding upon us.